SECTION 1. (a) In General. For purposes of section 38, the elementary and secondary science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) contributions credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to 100 percent of the qualified STEM contributions of the taxpayer for such taxable year. For purposes of this section, the term `qualified STEM contributions' means (1) STEM school contributions, (2) STEM teacher externship expenses, and (3) STEM teacher training expenses. The term `STEM property contributions' means the amount which would (but for subsection (f)) be allowed as a deduction under section 170 for a charitable contribution of STEM inventory property if (A) the donee is an elementary or secondary school described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii), (B) substantially all of the use of the property by the donee is within the United States or within the defense dependents' education system for educational purposes in any of the grades K12 that are related to the purpose or function of the donee, (C) the original use of the property begins with the donee, (D) the property will fit productively into the donee's education plan, (E) the property is not transferred by the donee in exchange for money, other property, or services, except for shipping, installation and transfer costs, and (F) the donee's use and disposition of the property will be in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (E). S. (2) STEM externship program. The term `eligible STEM teacher' means any individual (A) who is a teacher in grades K12 at an educational organization described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) which is located in the United States or which is located on a United States military base outside the United States, and (B) whose teaching responsibilities at such school include, or are likely to include, any course in the areas of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics.SECTION 1. (a) In General. For purposes of section 38, the elementary and secondary science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) contributions credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to 100 percent of the qualified STEM contributions of the taxpayer for such taxable year. For purposes of this section, the term `qualified STEM contributions' means (1) STEM school contributions, (2) STEM teacher externship expenses, and (3) STEM teacher training expenses. The term `STEM property contributions' means the amount which would (but for subsection (f)) be allowed as a deduction under section 170 for a charitable contribution of STEM inventory property if (A) the donee is an elementary or secondary school described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii), (B) substantially all of the use of the property by the donee is within the United States or within the defense dependents' education system for educational purposes in any of the grades K12 that are related to the purpose or function of the donee, (C) the original use of the property begins with the donee, (D) the property will fit productively into the donee's education plan, (E) the property is not transferred by the donee in exchange for money, other property, or services, except for shipping, installation and transfer costs, and (F) the donee's use and disposition of the property will be in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (E). S. (2) STEM externship program. The term `eligible STEM teacher' means any individual (A) who is a teacher in grades K12 at an educational organization described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) which is located in the United States or which is located on a United States military base outside the United States, and (B) whose teaching responsibilities at such school include, or are likely to include, any course in the areas of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics.