SECTION 1. RETENTION OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS NEWLY HIRED BEFORE 2013. For purposes of section 38, in the case of any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this section and beginning before January 1, 2013, the retained worker credit determined under this section for the taxable year is the aggregate of the lesser of (1) $4,000 ($6,000 in the case of a longterm unemployed individual), or (2) 6. (b) Limitations. The term `retained worker' means any qualified individual (A) who was employed by the taxpayer on any date during the taxable year, (B) who was so employed by the taxpayer for a period of not less than 52 consecutive weeks, and (C) whose wages (as defined in section 3401(a)) for such employment during the last 26 weeks of such period equaled at least 80 percent of such wages for the first 26 weeks of such period. (2) Qualified individual. (B) Treatment of employees of postsecondary educational institutions. The term `longterm unemployed individual' means an individual who was in receipt of unemployment compensation under State or Federal law for not less than 26 weeks during the 1year period ending on the day the individual is hired by the employer. (b) Credit Allowed as Business Credit. In the case of the retained worker credit, paragraph (2) shall be applied (A) by substituting `3 taxable years' for `21 taxable years' in subparagraph (A) thereof, and (B) by substituting `2 taxable years' for `20 taxable years' in subparagraph (B) thereof.SECTION 1. RETENTION OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS NEWLY HIRED BEFORE 2013. For purposes of section 38, in the case of any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this section and beginning before January 1, 2013, the retained worker credit determined under this section for the taxable year is the aggregate of the lesser of (1) $4,000 ($6,000 in the case of a longterm unemployed individual), or (2) 6. (b) Limitations. The term `retained worker' means any qualified individual (A) who was employed by the taxpayer on any date during the taxable year, (B) who was so employed by the taxpayer for a period of not less than 52 consecutive weeks, and (C) whose wages (as defined in section 3401(a)) for such employment during the last 26 weeks of such period equaled at least 80 percent of such wages for the first 26 weeks of such period. (2) Qualified individual. (B) Treatment of employees of postsecondary educational institutions. The term `longterm unemployed individual' means an individual who was in receipt of unemployment compensation under State or Federal law for not less than 26 weeks during the 1year period ending on the day the individual is hired by the employer. (b) Credit Allowed as Business Credit. In the case of the retained worker credit, paragraph (2) shall be applied (A) by substituting `3 taxable years' for `21 taxable years' in subparagraph (A) thereof, and (B) by substituting `2 taxable years' for `20 taxable years' in subparagraph (B) thereof.