DOMESTIC ENERGY SELFSUFFICIENCY PLAN. The Secretary of Energy shall develop, and transmit to the Congress within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a strategic plan to ensure that the United States is energy selfsufficient by the year 2010. The plan shall include recommendations for legislative and regulatory actions needed to accomplish that goal. SEC. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FUEL CELL PILOT PROGRAM. The Secretary shall provide funding for purchase, site engineering, installation, startup, training, operation, and maintenance costs associated with the acquisition of such power plants, along with any other necessary assistance. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $140,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2001 through 2003 for carrying out this section. (F) Identification and implementation of necessary codes and standards for the safe use of hydrogen as a fuel suitable for bus application, including the fuel cell power system and related operational facilities. (G) Identification and implementation of maintenance and overhaul requirements for hydrogen proton exchange membrane fuel cell transit buses. Each plan shall incorporate and build on the results of completed and ongoing Federal demonstration programs, including the program established under section 4, and shall include additional demonstration programs and pilot programs as necessary to test or investigate available technologies and transition procedures.DOMESTIC ENERGY SELFSUFFICIENCY PLAN. The Secretary of Energy shall develop, and transmit to the Congress within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a strategic plan to ensure that the United States is energy selfsufficient by the year 2010. The plan shall include recommendations for legislative and regulatory actions needed to accomplish that goal. SEC. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FUEL CELL PILOT PROGRAM. The Secretary shall provide funding for purchase, site engineering, installation, startup, training, operation, and maintenance costs associated with the acquisition of such power plants, along with any other necessary assistance. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $140,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2001 through 2003 for carrying out this section. (F) Identification and implementation of necessary codes and standards for the safe use of hydrogen as a fuel suitable for bus application, including the fuel cell power system and related operational facilities. (G) Identification and implementation of maintenance and overhaul requirements for hydrogen proton exchange membrane fuel cell transit buses. Each plan shall incorporate and build on the results of completed and ongoing Federal demonstration programs, including the program established under section 4, and shall include additional demonstration programs and pilot programs as necessary to test or investigate available technologies and transition procedures.