SECTION 1. S. 1396r4) is amended (1) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph: (7) DSH redistribution pool from portion of unexpended dsh allotments to fund increase in allotments for low dsh states and health network access grants. At the beginning of each fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2011), there shall be subtracted from the DSH redistribution pool an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate increase in Federal financial participation under this title attributable to the amendments made by section 2(b) of the Strengthening the Health Care Safety Net Act of 2009 for the previous fiscal year; and (ii) the amount obligated on grants under subsection (k) for such previous fiscal year. A reduction in a DSH allotment for a State under this subparagraph shall not affect the computation of the DSH allotment for the State under subparagraph (B) or (C) for the subsequent fiscal year. From the amount of funds made available under paragraph (6)(A) of this subsection from funds made available under subsection (d)(7) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award demonstration grants under this subsection to health access networks for such fiscal year for the purpose of improving access, quality, and continuity of care for uninsured individuals through better coordination of care by the network. (A) In general. For purposes of this subparagraph, the term `integrated health care system (including a pediatric system)' means a health care provider that (I) is organized to provide care in a coordinated fashion; and (II) assures access to a full range of primary, specialty, and hospital care, to uninsured and under insured individuals, as appropriate. In order to be eligible for a grant under this subsection, a health access network shall (i) submit an application, in such form and manner as the Secretary shall specify; (ii) submit with such application a plan that meets the requirements of subparagraph (B); (iii) identify in such plan measurable performance targets for at least 3 of the goals described in subparagraph (B); and (iv) agree that a portion of the payment of grant funds for patient care services after the first year for which such payment is made shall be contingent upon the health access network demonstrating success in achieving such targets. A health access network that desires a grant under this subsection shall submit a plan to the Secretary that details how the network intends through the grant (i) to manage costs associated with the provision of health care services to uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; (ii) to improve access to, and the availability of, health care services provided to uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; (iii) to enhance the quality and coordination of health care services provided to uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; (iv) to improve the health status of uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; and (v) to reduce health disparities in the population of uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as requiring a health access network operating in a State to operate on a statewide basis or otherwise to serve all uninsured and underinsured individuals in area served. In purchasing direct patient care services for uninsured and underinsured individuals under a grant under this subsection, health access networks shall, to the maximum extent feasible, endeavor to purchase such services from safety net providers. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop a unified reporting document for all disproportionate share hospital (DSH) allocations and expenditures under section 1923 of the Social Security Act. Beginning in fiscal year 2010 each State receiving a DSH allocation under such section shall be required by the Secretary to report all expenditures against the allocation using such unified reporting document.SECTION 1. S. 1396r4) is amended (1) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph: (7) DSH redistribution pool from portion of unexpended dsh allotments to fund increase in allotments for low dsh states and health network access grants. At the beginning of each fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2011), there shall be subtracted from the DSH redistribution pool an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate increase in Federal financial participation under this title attributable to the amendments made by section 2(b) of the Strengthening the Health Care Safety Net Act of 2009 for the previous fiscal year; and (ii) the amount obligated on grants under subsection (k) for such previous fiscal year. A reduction in a DSH allotment for a State under this subparagraph shall not affect the computation of the DSH allotment for the State under subparagraph (B) or (C) for the subsequent fiscal year. From the amount of funds made available under paragraph (6)(A) of this subsection from funds made available under subsection (d)(7) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award demonstration grants under this subsection to health access networks for such fiscal year for the purpose of improving access, quality, and continuity of care for uninsured individuals through better coordination of care by the network. (A) In general. For purposes of this subparagraph, the term `integrated health care system (including a pediatric system)' means a health care provider that (I) is organized to provide care in a coordinated fashion; and (II) assures access to a full range of primary, specialty, and hospital care, to uninsured and under insured individuals, as appropriate. In order to be eligible for a grant under this subsection, a health access network shall (i) submit an application, in such form and manner as the Secretary shall specify; (ii) submit with such application a plan that meets the requirements of subparagraph (B); (iii) identify in such plan measurable performance targets for at least 3 of the goals described in subparagraph (B); and (iv) agree that a portion of the payment of grant funds for patient care services after the first year for which such payment is made shall be contingent upon the health access network demonstrating success in achieving such targets. A health access network that desires a grant under this subsection shall submit a plan to the Secretary that details how the network intends through the grant (i) to manage costs associated with the provision of health care services to uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; (ii) to improve access to, and the availability of, health care services provided to uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; (iii) to enhance the quality and coordination of health care services provided to uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; (iv) to improve the health status of uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network; and (v) to reduce health disparities in the population of uninsured and underinsured individuals served by the network. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as requiring a health access network operating in a State to operate on a statewide basis or otherwise to serve all uninsured and underinsured individuals in area served. In purchasing direct patient care services for uninsured and underinsured individuals under a grant under this subsection, health access networks shall, to the maximum extent feasible, endeavor to purchase such services from safety net providers. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop a unified reporting document for all disproportionate share hospital (DSH) allocations and expenditures under section 1923 of the Social Security Act. Beginning in fiscal year 2010 each State receiving a DSH allocation under such section shall be required by the Secretary to report all expenditures against the allocation using such unified reporting document.