SECTION 1. S. (1) Number and appointment. (B) Energy production. Not more than 8 members of the Commission shall be affiliated with the same political party. (8) Restriction on government employees. (9) Basic pay. Each member of the Commission shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (2) Chairperson; vice chairperson. (5) Meetings. 802. To carry out paragraph (1), the Commission shall (A) analyze the accessibility, affordability, reliability, resiliency, and sustainability of the energy sources in the United States, including coal, oil, natural gas, wind, solar, nuclear, hydropower, geothermal, and biofuels; (B) assess policy options to increase domestic energy supplies and energy efficiency; (C) evaluate energy storage, transmission, and distribution requirements that shall include intermittent energy sources; (D) analyze the prospective role of stakeholders, including academia, industry representatives, the public, Federal laboratories (as defined in section 4 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U. Not later than July 1 of the first and third year of each Presidential term, the Commission shall submit progress reports to Congress describing the activities of the Commission and a summary of the information gathered pursuant to subsection (a). Not later than July 1 of the second and fourth year of each Presidential term, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report that shall include (A) the findings and conclusions of the Commission based on tasks carried out pursuant to subsection (a)(2); and (B) recommendations for legislative and administrative actions described in subsection (a)(1). The Commission may administer oaths or affirmations to witnesses appearing before it. Any subcommittee created pursuant to section 801(c)(3) may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this title. Upon request of the chairperson, vice chairperson, or a subcommittee of the Commission, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission.SECTION 1. S. (1) Number and appointment. (B) Energy production. Not more than 8 members of the Commission shall be affiliated with the same political party. (8) Restriction on government employees. (9) Basic pay. Each member of the Commission shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (2) Chairperson; vice chairperson. (5) Meetings. 802. To carry out paragraph (1), the Commission shall (A) analyze the accessibility, affordability, reliability, resiliency, and sustainability of the energy sources in the United States, including coal, oil, natural gas, wind, solar, nuclear, hydropower, geothermal, and biofuels; (B) assess policy options to increase domestic energy supplies and energy efficiency; (C) evaluate energy storage, transmission, and distribution requirements that shall include intermittent energy sources; (D) analyze the prospective role of stakeholders, including academia, industry representatives, the public, Federal laboratories (as defined in section 4 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U. Not later than July 1 of the first and third year of each Presidential term, the Commission shall submit progress reports to Congress describing the activities of the Commission and a summary of the information gathered pursuant to subsection (a). Not later than July 1 of the second and fourth year of each Presidential term, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report that shall include (A) the findings and conclusions of the Commission based on tasks carried out pursuant to subsection (a)(2); and (B) recommendations for legislative and administrative actions described in subsection (a)(1). The Commission may administer oaths or affirmations to witnesses appearing before it. Any subcommittee created pursuant to section 801(c)(3) may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this title. Upon request of the chairperson, vice chairperson, or a subcommittee of the Commission, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission.