SECTION 1. PROTECTING OLDER, LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS. A trust shall not constitute a qualified trust under this section unless the contributions or benefits provided under the plan do not discriminate in favor of highly compensated employees (within the meaning of section 414(q)). For purposes of this paragraph, there shall be excluded from consideration employees described in section 410(b)(3) (A) and (C). (II) A plan is described in this subclause if (aa) the plan provides benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants, (bb) such closed class and such benefits, rights, and features satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) (without regard to this clause) as of the date that the class was closed, and (cc) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendments that modify the closed class or the benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class satisfy subparagraph (A) (without regard to this clause). (ii)(I) A defined contribution plan described in subclause (II) shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis. For such purposes, matching contributions shall be treated in the same manner as employer contributions that are made without regard to whether an employee makes an elective contribution or employee contribution, including for purposes of applying the rules of subsection (l). (i) One or more defined benefit plans described in clause (ii) shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis with one or more defined contribution plans. (ii) A defined benefit plan is described in this clause if (I) the plan provides benefits to a closed class of participants, (II) the plan and such benefits satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph) as of the date the class was closed, and (III) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendments that modify the closed class or the benefits provided to such closed class satisfy subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph). If a plan amendment causes a plan to cease to be described in this clause (ii) by reason of subclause (III), the plan is nevertheless described in this clause (ii) if such plan satisfies this clause (ii) (without regard to subclause (III)) as of the effective date of such amendment. The Secretary may prescribe rules designed to prevent abuse of the plan designs otherwise permitted by reason of subparagraphs (B) and (D). Within one year after the date of enactment of the Retirement Plan Simplification and Enhancement Act of 2013, the Secretary shall prescribe rules that facilitate the use of the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (D) without regard to (i) whether the closing of the class of participants referred to in such subparagraphs occurred before or after such date of enactment, or (ii) plan amendments that were adopted or effective before such date of enactment and that would not have been necessary if subparagraphs (B) and (D) had been in effect.SECTION 1. PROTECTING OLDER, LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS. A trust shall not constitute a qualified trust under this section unless the contributions or benefits provided under the plan do not discriminate in favor of highly compensated employees (within the meaning of section 414(q)). For purposes of this paragraph, there shall be excluded from consideration employees described in section 410(b)(3) (A) and (C). (II) A plan is described in this subclause if (aa) the plan provides benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants, (bb) such closed class and such benefits, rights, and features satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) (without regard to this clause) as of the date that the class was closed, and (cc) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendments that modify the closed class or the benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class satisfy subparagraph (A) (without regard to this clause). (ii)(I) A defined contribution plan described in subclause (II) shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis. For such purposes, matching contributions shall be treated in the same manner as employer contributions that are made without regard to whether an employee makes an elective contribution or employee contribution, including for purposes of applying the rules of subsection (l). (i) One or more defined benefit plans described in clause (ii) shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis with one or more defined contribution plans. (ii) A defined benefit plan is described in this clause if (I) the plan provides benefits to a closed class of participants, (II) the plan and such benefits satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph) as of the date the class was closed, and (III) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendments that modify the closed class or the benefits provided to such closed class satisfy subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph). If a plan amendment causes a plan to cease to be described in this clause (ii) by reason of subclause (III), the plan is nevertheless described in this clause (ii) if such plan satisfies this clause (ii) (without regard to subclause (III)) as of the effective date of such amendment. The Secretary may prescribe rules designed to prevent abuse of the plan designs otherwise permitted by reason of subparagraphs (B) and (D). Within one year after the date of enactment of the Retirement Plan Simplification and Enhancement Act of 2013, the Secretary shall prescribe rules that facilitate the use of the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (D) without regard to (i) whether the closing of the class of participants referred to in such subparagraphs occurred before or after such date of enactment, or (ii) plan amendments that were adopted or effective before such date of enactment and that would not have been necessary if subparagraphs (B) and (D) had been in effect.