SECTION 1. (1) The Department of Defense, in its 2011 report to Congress on Military and Security Developments Involving the People's Republic of China, found that China continued modernizing its military in 2010, with a focus on Taiwan contingencies, even as crossStrait relations improved. S. forces in East Asia, deter Taiwan independence, or influence Taiwan to settle the dispute on Beijing's terms. (2) The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) conducted a preliminary assessment of the status and capabilities of Taiwan's air force in an unclassified report, dated January 21, 2010. The report concluded, Many of Taiwan's fighter aircraft are close to or beyond service life, and many require extensive maintenance support. (4) According to a report by the Perryman Group, a private economic research and analysis firm, the requested sale of F 16C/Ds to Taiwan would generate some $8,700,000,000 in output (gross product) and more than 87,664 personyears of employment in the US, including 23,407 direct jobs, while economic benefits would likely be realized in 44 states and the District of Columbia. (5) The sale of F16C/Ds to Taiwan would both sustain existing highskilled jobs in key United States manufacturing sectors and create new ones. On May 26, 2011, a bipartisan group of 45 members of the Senate sent a similar letter to the President, expressing support for the sale. ) to provide Taiwan the defense articles necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain sufficient selfdefense capabilities, in furtherance of maintaining peace and stability in the western Pacific region; (7) in order to comply with the Taiwan Relations Act, the United States must provide Taiwan with additional advanced multirole fighter aircraft, as well as significant upgrades to Taiwan's existing fleet of multirole fighter aircraft; and (8) the proposed sale of F16C/D multirole fighter aircraft to Taiwan would have significant economic benefits to the United States economy.SECTION 1. (1) The Department of Defense, in its 2011 report to Congress on Military and Security Developments Involving the People's Republic of China, found that China continued modernizing its military in 2010, with a focus on Taiwan contingencies, even as crossStrait relations improved. S. forces in East Asia, deter Taiwan independence, or influence Taiwan to settle the dispute on Beijing's terms. (2) The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) conducted a preliminary assessment of the status and capabilities of Taiwan's air force in an unclassified report, dated January 21, 2010. The report concluded, Many of Taiwan's fighter aircraft are close to or beyond service life, and many require extensive maintenance support. (4) According to a report by the Perryman Group, a private economic research and analysis firm, the requested sale of F 16C/Ds to Taiwan would generate some $8,700,000,000 in output (gross product) and more than 87,664 personyears of employment in the US, including 23,407 direct jobs, while economic benefits would likely be realized in 44 states and the District of Columbia. (5) The sale of F16C/Ds to Taiwan would both sustain existing highskilled jobs in key United States manufacturing sectors and create new ones. On May 26, 2011, a bipartisan group of 45 members of the Senate sent a similar letter to the President, expressing support for the sale. ) to provide Taiwan the defense articles necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain sufficient selfdefense capabilities, in furtherance of maintaining peace and stability in the western Pacific region; (7) in order to comply with the Taiwan Relations Act, the United States must provide Taiwan with additional advanced multirole fighter aircraft, as well as significant upgrades to Taiwan's existing fleet of multirole fighter aircraft; and (8) the proposed sale of F16C/D multirole fighter aircraft to Taiwan would have significant economic benefits to the United States economy.