SECTION 1. The Congress finds the following: (1) Long Island has played an indispensable role in the development of the aviation industry in the United States. (3) In the early 20th century, the Hempstead Plains had 3 major airfields, all of great historical significance: Roosevelt Field, Curtiss Field, and Mitchel Field. (5) The first transatlantic flight, carried out by the U. (8) Curtiss Field also served as the terminus for transcontinental airmail from 19181929. (11) During World War II, Long Island was a crucial center of military aircraft production. S. (14) In 1951, the Suffolk County Air Force Base, located in Westhampton, New York, became the prime Air Defense Command base responsible for defending the New York City metropolitan area from all air attacks. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall (1) evaluate the national significance of the study area based on an assessment of Long Island's aviation history; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating parts of the study area as a unit of the National Park System commemorating Long Island's aviation history; (3) consider other alternatives for preservation, protection, and interpretation of the study area by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organizations; (4) identify properties related to Long Island's aviation history that could meet criteria for listing in the National Register of Historic Places or criteria for designation as National Historic Landmarks; (5) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; (6) consider the appropriate management options needed to ensure the protection, preservation, and interpretation of the study area; (7) evaluate appropriate ways to enhance historical research, education, interpretation, and public awareness of Long Island's aviation history; and (8) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, operation, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (c) Study Area. Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report containing the results of the study and any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary.SECTION 1. The Congress finds the following: (1) Long Island has played an indispensable role in the development of the aviation industry in the United States. (3) In the early 20th century, the Hempstead Plains had 3 major airfields, all of great historical significance: Roosevelt Field, Curtiss Field, and Mitchel Field. (5) The first transatlantic flight, carried out by the U. (8) Curtiss Field also served as the terminus for transcontinental airmail from 19181929. (11) During World War II, Long Island was a crucial center of military aircraft production. S. (14) In 1951, the Suffolk County Air Force Base, located in Westhampton, New York, became the prime Air Defense Command base responsible for defending the New York City metropolitan area from all air attacks. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall (1) evaluate the national significance of the study area based on an assessment of Long Island's aviation history; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating parts of the study area as a unit of the National Park System commemorating Long Island's aviation history; (3) consider other alternatives for preservation, protection, and interpretation of the study area by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organizations; (4) identify properties related to Long Island's aviation history that could meet criteria for listing in the National Register of Historic Places or criteria for designation as National Historic Landmarks; (5) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; (6) consider the appropriate management options needed to ensure the protection, preservation, and interpretation of the study area; (7) evaluate appropriate ways to enhance historical research, education, interpretation, and public awareness of Long Island's aviation history; and (8) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, operation, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (c) Study Area. Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report containing the results of the study and any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary.