SEC. 3. Section 3115 of title 38, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking assistance, and inserting in lieu thereof assistance or any federally recognized Indian tribe,; (2) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting any federally recognized Indian tribe, after contributions,; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (c) As used in this section, the term `federally recognized Indian tribe' means any Indian tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other organized group or community, including any Alaska Native village or regional corporation as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. Section 3108(c)(2) of such title is amended by inserting or federally recognized Indian tribe after local government agency. (2) The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of October 29, 1992. Section 3002 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: (8) The term `educational institution' has the meaning given such term in section 3452(c) of this title. EDUCATION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to courses approved on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (1) Section 3672 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) A program of education exclusively by correspondence, and the correspondence portion of a combination correspondenceresidence course leading to a vocational objective, that is offered by an educational institution (as defined in section 3452(c) of this title) may be approved only if (1) the educational institution is accredited by an agency recognized by the Secretary of Education, and (2) at least 50 percent of those pursuing such a program or course require six months or more to complete the program or course. (B) Section 3680(a) of such title is amended (i) by striking out ; or at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting in lieu thereof a period; and (ii) by striking out paragraph (4). and inserting in lieu thereof title and chapter 106 of title 10. SERVICE MEMBERS OCCUPATIONAL CONVERSION AND TRAINING ACT OF 1992. 1143 note) is amended by striking out or more than 18 months. (B) The amendment made by subparagraph (A) shall apply with respect to programs of training under the Service Members Occupational Conversion and Training Act of 1992 beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. ; and (2) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting before the period at the end thereof , or upon the completion of the 18th month of training under the last training program approved for the person's pursuit with that employer under this subtitle, whichever is earlier.SEC. 3. Section 3115 of title 38, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking assistance, and inserting in lieu thereof assistance or any federally recognized Indian tribe,; (2) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting any federally recognized Indian tribe, after contributions,; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (c) As used in this section, the term `federally recognized Indian tribe' means any Indian tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other organized group or community, including any Alaska Native village or regional corporation as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. Section 3108(c)(2) of such title is amended by inserting or federally recognized Indian tribe after local government agency. (2) The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of October 29, 1992. Section 3002 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: (8) The term `educational institution' has the meaning given such term in section 3452(c) of this title. EDUCATION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to courses approved on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (1) Section 3672 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) A program of education exclusively by correspondence, and the correspondence portion of a combination correspondenceresidence course leading to a vocational objective, that is offered by an educational institution (as defined in section 3452(c) of this title) may be approved only if (1) the educational institution is accredited by an agency recognized by the Secretary of Education, and (2) at least 50 percent of those pursuing such a program or course require six months or more to complete the program or course. (B) Section 3680(a) of such title is amended (i) by striking out ; or at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting in lieu thereof a period; and (ii) by striking out paragraph (4). and inserting in lieu thereof title and chapter 106 of title 10. SERVICE MEMBERS OCCUPATIONAL CONVERSION AND TRAINING ACT OF 1992. 1143 note) is amended by striking out or more than 18 months. (B) The amendment made by subparagraph (A) shall apply with respect to programs of training under the Service Members Occupational Conversion and Training Act of 1992 beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. ; and (2) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting before the period at the end thereof , or upon the completion of the 18th month of training under the last training program approved for the person's pursuit with that employer under this subtitle, whichever is earlier.