SECTION 1. (a) In General. (1) Proration of credit for years in which individual attains age 18 and 21. In the case of a qualifying mentored individual who attains age 18 or 21 during the taxable year, the credit allowed under subsection (a) shall be the amount specified in subsection (a) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the taxable year such individual is 18 or 20 (as the case may be) and the denominator of which is the number of days in the taxable year. The term `mentoring requirements' includes participating in a oneonone relationship as a positive role model with a qualifying mentored individual and involves meetings and activities on not less than a monthly basis. No credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to a qualifying mentored individual unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such qualifying mentored individual on the return of tax for the taxable year. (2) Section 24(b)(3)(B) of such Code is amended by inserting 25E, after 25D,. 25E.SECTION 1. (a) In General. (1) Proration of credit for years in which individual attains age 18 and 21. In the case of a qualifying mentored individual who attains age 18 or 21 during the taxable year, the credit allowed under subsection (a) shall be the amount specified in subsection (a) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the taxable year such individual is 18 or 20 (as the case may be) and the denominator of which is the number of days in the taxable year. The term `mentoring requirements' includes participating in a oneonone relationship as a positive role model with a qualifying mentored individual and involves meetings and activities on not less than a monthly basis. No credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to a qualifying mentored individual unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such qualifying mentored individual on the return of tax for the taxable year. (2) Section 24(b)(3)(B) of such Code is amended by inserting 25E, after 25D,. 25E.