SECTION 1. A mammogram every 12 years can reduce the risk of dying by about 16 percent for women 40 years of age and older. (5) In 2003, an estimated 40,100 women will be newly diagnosed with cancer of the uterine corpus and 6,800 women will die of the disease. Research suggests that declines may be in part due to increased screening and polyp removal. (8) The Chronic Disease Prevention Department found that screening for colorectal cancer can reduce the number of deaths by at least 30 percent. 7 percent per year. SEC. TITLE IPUBLIC HEALTH PROVISIONS SEC. If any entity submits an application to a State to receive an award of a grant or contract pursuant to paragraph (1) that includes strategies for colorectal cancer screening and outreach, the State may give priority to the application submitted by that entity in any case in which the State determines that the quality of such application is equivalent to the quality of the application submitted by the other entities. 300m) is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) Waiver of Direct Services Requirement. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing an assessment of the success of the Comprehensive Colorectal Cancer Initiative (within the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) in (1) increasing public awareness of colorectal cancer; (2) increasing awareness of screening guidelines among health care providers; (3) monitoring national colorectal cancer screening rates; (4) promoting increased patientprovider communication about colorectal cancer screening; (5) supporting quantitative and qualitative research efforts; and (6) providing funding to State programs to implement colorectal cancer priorities. (e) The Secretary may provide additional amounts to fund centers under subsection (a) that develop innovative relationships with community cancer centers, community health centers, rural hospitals, and other communitybased health care providers who target medically underserved populations for the purpose of increasing access to quality cancer care. The National Cancer Program shall consist of (1) an expanded, intensified, and coordinated cancer research program encompassing the research programs conducted and supported by the Institute and the related research programs of the other national research institutes, including research programs for (A) pain and symptom management; (B) survivorship; and (C) the prevention of cancer caused by occupational or environmental exposure to carcinogens; and (2) the other programs and activities of the Institute, including research on populations with both uniquely diverse genetic variation and geographic isolation. 285a2(a)(2)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking and at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period and inserting ; and; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (F) assess and improve pain and symptom management of cancer throughout the course of treatment and cancer survivorship. Section 417A(c)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report providing a description of the survivorship activities of the Office and strategies for future activities. (2) Establish an education program which provides patients and providers with (A) information about how to access and use the National Cancer Institute clinical trials database online; and (B) information about the Food and Drug Administration process for approving the use of drugs and biologics for a single patient.SECTION 1. A mammogram every 12 years can reduce the risk of dying by about 16 percent for women 40 years of age and older. (5) In 2003, an estimated 40,100 women will be newly diagnosed with cancer of the uterine corpus and 6,800 women will die of the disease. Research suggests that declines may be in part due to increased screening and polyp removal. (8) The Chronic Disease Prevention Department found that screening for colorectal cancer can reduce the number of deaths by at least 30 percent. 7 percent per year. SEC. TITLE IPUBLIC HEALTH PROVISIONS SEC. If any entity submits an application to a State to receive an award of a grant or contract pursuant to paragraph (1) that includes strategies for colorectal cancer screening and outreach, the State may give priority to the application submitted by that entity in any case in which the State determines that the quality of such application is equivalent to the quality of the application submitted by the other entities. 300m) is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) Waiver of Direct Services Requirement. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing an assessment of the success of the Comprehensive Colorectal Cancer Initiative (within the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) in (1) increasing public awareness of colorectal cancer; (2) increasing awareness of screening guidelines among health care providers; (3) monitoring national colorectal cancer screening rates; (4) promoting increased patientprovider communication about colorectal cancer screening; (5) supporting quantitative and qualitative research efforts; and (6) providing funding to State programs to implement colorectal cancer priorities. (e) The Secretary may provide additional amounts to fund centers under subsection (a) that develop innovative relationships with community cancer centers, community health centers, rural hospitals, and other communitybased health care providers who target medically underserved populations for the purpose of increasing access to quality cancer care. The National Cancer Program shall consist of (1) an expanded, intensified, and coordinated cancer research program encompassing the research programs conducted and supported by the Institute and the related research programs of the other national research institutes, including research programs for (A) pain and symptom management; (B) survivorship; and (C) the prevention of cancer caused by occupational or environmental exposure to carcinogens; and (2) the other programs and activities of the Institute, including research on populations with both uniquely diverse genetic variation and geographic isolation. 285a2(a)(2)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking and at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period and inserting ; and; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (F) assess and improve pain and symptom management of cancer throughout the course of treatment and cancer survivorship. Section 417A(c)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report providing a description of the survivorship activities of the Office and strategies for future activities. (2) Establish an education program which provides patients and providers with (A) information about how to access and use the National Cancer Institute clinical trials database online; and (B) information about the Food and Drug Administration process for approving the use of drugs and biologics for a single patient.