This Act may be referred to as the Sweetgrass Hills Protection Act of 1995. For the purpose of conserving, protecting, and enhancing the exceptional scenic, wildlife, water quality, and cultural characteristics of lands along the Sweetgrass Hills in north central Montana, there is hereby established the Sweetgrass Hills Natural Area within the Bureau of Land Management's Sweetgrass Hills Area of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC) as identified in the West HiLine Resource Management Plan in the State of Montana (hereinafter in this Act referred to as the natural area). (b) Area Included. , numbered , and Dated. The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior. The Secretary of the Interior (hereinafter in this Act referred to as the Secretary) may from time to time make minor revisions in the boundary of the natural area to promote management effectiveness and efficiency in the furtherance of this Act. The Secretary shall permit hunting and fishing on lands and waters within the natural area in accordance with applicable Federal and State law. Lands within the boundaries of the natural area owned by the State of Montana or any political subdivision thereof may only be acquired by donation or exchange. (1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no patents shall be issued after July 19, 1995, for any location or claim made in the natural area under the mining laws of the United States.This Act may be referred to as the Sweetgrass Hills Protection Act of 1995. For the purpose of conserving, protecting, and enhancing the exceptional scenic, wildlife, water quality, and cultural characteristics of lands along the Sweetgrass Hills in north central Montana, there is hereby established the Sweetgrass Hills Natural Area within the Bureau of Land Management's Sweetgrass Hills Area of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC) as identified in the West HiLine Resource Management Plan in the State of Montana (hereinafter in this Act referred to as the natural area). (b) Area Included. , numbered , and Dated. The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior. The Secretary of the Interior (hereinafter in this Act referred to as the Secretary) may from time to time make minor revisions in the boundary of the natural area to promote management effectiveness and efficiency in the furtherance of this Act. The Secretary shall permit hunting and fishing on lands and waters within the natural area in accordance with applicable Federal and State law. Lands within the boundaries of the natural area owned by the State of Montana or any political subdivision thereof may only be acquired by donation or exchange. (1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no patents shall be issued after July 19, 1995, for any location or claim made in the natural area under the mining laws of the United States.