SECTION 1. (3) The surging trade deficits could soon create a balance of payments crisis for the United States, which could wreak havoc with the economy of the United States. (4) Article XII of the General Agreement on Tariff and Trade (GATT 1994), annexed to the Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization entered into on April 15, 1994, permits any member country to restrict the quantity or value of imports in order to safeguard the external financial position and the balance of payments of the member country. The term oil or gas means any good classifiable under (A) heading 2709 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (relating to petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals, crude); (B) heading 2710 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (relating to petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals, other than crude); and (C) heading 2711 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (relating to light oils and preparations). The term Program means the Balanced Trade Certificate Program established under section 4. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Commerce. SEC. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, in cooperation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, establish a Balanced Trade Certificate Program within the International Trade Administration of the Department. The value of a Certificate shall be determined in accordance with the following table: If a Certificate is issued: The face value of the Certificate is an amount equal to: During the first year the Program is in 140% of the appraised value of the good exported. operation During the second year the Program is in 130% of the appraised value of the good exported. operation After the fourth year the Program is in 100% of the appraised value of the good exported operation (b) Importers. (5) Exception for oil or gas. During the period that begins on the date of the enactment of this Act and ends 5 years after such date, paragraph (1) shall not apply to a person who imports oil or gas into the United States.SECTION 1. (3) The surging trade deficits could soon create a balance of payments crisis for the United States, which could wreak havoc with the economy of the United States. (4) Article XII of the General Agreement on Tariff and Trade (GATT 1994), annexed to the Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization entered into on April 15, 1994, permits any member country to restrict the quantity or value of imports in order to safeguard the external financial position and the balance of payments of the member country. The term oil or gas means any good classifiable under (A) heading 2709 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (relating to petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals, crude); (B) heading 2710 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (relating to petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals, other than crude); and (C) heading 2711 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (relating to light oils and preparations). The term Program means the Balanced Trade Certificate Program established under section 4. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Commerce. SEC. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, in cooperation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, establish a Balanced Trade Certificate Program within the International Trade Administration of the Department. The value of a Certificate shall be determined in accordance with the following table: If a Certificate is issued: The face value of the Certificate is an amount equal to: During the first year the Program is in 140% of the appraised value of the good exported. operation During the second year the Program is in 130% of the appraised value of the good exported. operation After the fourth year the Program is in 100% of the appraised value of the good exported operation (b) Importers. (5) Exception for oil or gas. During the period that begins on the date of the enactment of this Act and ends 5 years after such date, paragraph (1) shall not apply to a person who imports oil or gas into the United States.