SECTION 1. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person or entity, public or private, in or affecting interstate commerce, to use human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology. Any person or entity who is convicted of violating any provision of this section shall be subject to, in the case of a violation that involves the derivation of a pecuniary gain, a civil penalty of not more than an amount equal to the amount of the gross gain multiplied by 2. SEC. The Commission shall be composed of 25 members, of whom (A) 6 shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; (B) 6 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; (C) 6 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (D) 6 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; and (E) 1, who shall serve as the Chairperson of the Commission, to be appointed jointly by the Majority Leader of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Minority Leader of the Senate and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. Each individual described in subparagraph (A) through (D) of paragraph (1) shall ensure that members appointed to the Commission are representative of the fields of law, theology, philosophy or ethics, medicine, science, and society. A member of the Commission appointed under paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 3 years. The Commission shall meet at the call of its Chairperson or a majority of its members. A vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made not later than 30 days after the Commission is given notice of the vacancy and shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the duties of the Commission. Each member of the Commission shall receive travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (1) Staff. With the approval of the Commission, the chairperson of the Commission may appoint such personnel as the chairperson considers appropriate. The facilities shall serve as the headquarters of the Commission and shall include all necessary equipment and incidentals required for the proper functioning of the Commission. (f) Subcommittees. With respect to the issues for which each subcommittee has been established, each subcommittee shall be composed of (A) 1 expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (b)(1); (B) 1 expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (B) and (D) of subsection (b)(1); (C) 1 individual operating in the private sector who is acquainted with the issues but who is not an expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (b)(1); (D) 1 individual operating in the private sector who is acquainted with the issues but who is not an expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (B) and (D) of subsection (b)(1); and (E) 4 members of the Commission with relevant expertise. Not later than December 31, 1999, and annually thereafter, the Commission shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report which shall contain a detailed statement of the recommendations, findings, and conclusions of the Commission. It is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government should advocate for and join an international effort to prohibit the use of human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology to produce a human embryo.SECTION 1. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person or entity, public or private, in or affecting interstate commerce, to use human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology. Any person or entity who is convicted of violating any provision of this section shall be subject to, in the case of a violation that involves the derivation of a pecuniary gain, a civil penalty of not more than an amount equal to the amount of the gross gain multiplied by 2. SEC. The Commission shall be composed of 25 members, of whom (A) 6 shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; (B) 6 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; (C) 6 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (D) 6 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; and (E) 1, who shall serve as the Chairperson of the Commission, to be appointed jointly by the Majority Leader of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Minority Leader of the Senate and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. Each individual described in subparagraph (A) through (D) of paragraph (1) shall ensure that members appointed to the Commission are representative of the fields of law, theology, philosophy or ethics, medicine, science, and society. A member of the Commission appointed under paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 3 years. The Commission shall meet at the call of its Chairperson or a majority of its members. A vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made not later than 30 days after the Commission is given notice of the vacancy and shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the duties of the Commission. Each member of the Commission shall receive travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (1) Staff. With the approval of the Commission, the chairperson of the Commission may appoint such personnel as the chairperson considers appropriate. The facilities shall serve as the headquarters of the Commission and shall include all necessary equipment and incidentals required for the proper functioning of the Commission. (f) Subcommittees. With respect to the issues for which each subcommittee has been established, each subcommittee shall be composed of (A) 1 expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (b)(1); (B) 1 expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (B) and (D) of subsection (b)(1); (C) 1 individual operating in the private sector who is acquainted with the issues but who is not an expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (b)(1); (D) 1 individual operating in the private sector who is acquainted with the issues but who is not an expert to be appointed by the members of the Committee who were appointed under subparagraphs (B) and (D) of subsection (b)(1); and (E) 4 members of the Commission with relevant expertise. Not later than December 31, 1999, and annually thereafter, the Commission shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report which shall contain a detailed statement of the recommendations, findings, and conclusions of the Commission. It is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government should advocate for and join an international effort to prohibit the use of human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology to produce a human embryo.