SECTION 1. SEC. The Nation's economy depends heavily upon the ability to transport goods via the various modes of transportation. (4) As a result of roadside inspections, motor carriers and their drivers are cited and fined for violations of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations attributable to intermodal equipment that motor carriers and their drivers neither systematically maintain nor have the opportunity to systematically maintain. SEC. The term `motor carrier' means a person providing motor vehicle transportation for compensation or a motor private carrier as that term is defined in chapter 131 of this title. (11) Equipment interchange agreement. (12) Equipment controller. (14) Federal motor carrier safety regulations. Chapter 59 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. (c) The equipment controller shall not be liable under subsection (b) if the motor carrier's negligence or willful misconduct caused the condition requiring repair under subsection (b). No record or report of a violation of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations, whether issued by a Federal, State, or local law enforcement authority, attributable to equipment interchanged shall have any effect on a motor carrier's overall safety rating or safety status measurement system score, as determined by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, or on a motor carrier's agent's driving record unless such violation was proximately caused by the motor carrier's or motor carrier's agent's negligence or willful misconduct. Penalties for retaliation (a) An equipment controller shall not take any action to threaten, coerce, discipline, discriminate, or otherwise retaliate against a motor carrier or motor carrier agent who requests maintenance or repair of equipment intended for interchange in order to comply with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. COMPATIBILITY OF STATE LAWS. Compatibility of State laws (a) Except as provided in subsection (b) and unless authorized by another law of the United States, a law, regulation, order, or other requirement of a State, political subdivision of a State, or Indian tribe is preempted if complying with a requirement of the State, political subdivision, or tribe and a requirement of this chapter or a regulation prescribed under this chapter is not possible. The analysis for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 5910. Equipment inspection, repair, and maintenance. The Secretary of Transportation, after notice and opportunity for comment, shall issue regulations, as appropriate, implementing the provisions of this Act. EFFECTIVE DATE.SECTION 1. SEC. The Nation's economy depends heavily upon the ability to transport goods via the various modes of transportation. (4) As a result of roadside inspections, motor carriers and their drivers are cited and fined for violations of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations attributable to intermodal equipment that motor carriers and their drivers neither systematically maintain nor have the opportunity to systematically maintain. SEC. The term `motor carrier' means a person providing motor vehicle transportation for compensation or a motor private carrier as that term is defined in chapter 131 of this title. (11) Equipment interchange agreement. (12) Equipment controller. (14) Federal motor carrier safety regulations. Chapter 59 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. (c) The equipment controller shall not be liable under subsection (b) if the motor carrier's negligence or willful misconduct caused the condition requiring repair under subsection (b). No record or report of a violation of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations, whether issued by a Federal, State, or local law enforcement authority, attributable to equipment interchanged shall have any effect on a motor carrier's overall safety rating or safety status measurement system score, as determined by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, or on a motor carrier's agent's driving record unless such violation was proximately caused by the motor carrier's or motor carrier's agent's negligence or willful misconduct. Penalties for retaliation (a) An equipment controller shall not take any action to threaten, coerce, discipline, discriminate, or otherwise retaliate against a motor carrier or motor carrier agent who requests maintenance or repair of equipment intended for interchange in order to comply with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. COMPATIBILITY OF STATE LAWS. Compatibility of State laws (a) Except as provided in subsection (b) and unless authorized by another law of the United States, a law, regulation, order, or other requirement of a State, political subdivision of a State, or Indian tribe is preempted if complying with a requirement of the State, political subdivision, or tribe and a requirement of this chapter or a regulation prescribed under this chapter is not possible. The analysis for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 5910. Equipment inspection, repair, and maintenance. The Secretary of Transportation, after notice and opportunity for comment, shall issue regulations, as appropriate, implementing the provisions of this Act. EFFECTIVE DATE.