SECTION 1. SEC. 4801; and (2) by adding at the end of part B the following: CHAPTER 48RESPONSE PLANS FOR NONTANK VESSELS Sec. Application. Sec. (2) The term `maritime cooperative' means any association established by any combination of owners or operators of marine terminals, marine facilities, or vessels, vessel agents, or maritime industry groups, that provides oil spill response planning and oil spillrelated communications services. (3) The term `response plan' means a plan for the prevention of oil spills and the containment and cleanup of oil spills from the navigable waters of the United States and for the protection of fisheries and wildlife, natural resources, and public and private property from such a spill. Application This chapter applies to any vessel over 300 gross tons carrying oil as fuel on the navigable waters of the United States, other than (1) a tank vessel; and (2) a fishing vessel. (b) A response plan under this chapter for operations of a vessel may be submitted by (1) the owner or operator of the vessel, including a person authorized to submit a plan under a contract with the owner or operator pursuant to subsection (c); (2) the owner or operator of any facility at which the vessel will be loading or unloading its cargo; or (3) a qualified maritime cooperative in which the owner or operator of the vessel is a participating member. (c)(1) A person that has contracted with the owner or operator of a vessel to provide containment and cleanup services for operations of the vessel and that meets the standards prescribed by the Secretary under this chapter may submit the response plan required under this chapter for those operations. (2) A maritime cooperative shall have a lien on a vessel owned or operated by a member of the cooperative (A) for any regular operating assessments made by the cooperative with respect to the vessel; and (B) for any direct costs incurred by the cooperative in providing oil spill response or oil spillrelated communications services for the vessel. 4806. (4) The existence of navigational hazards within the area covered by the plan. (5) The history and circumstances surrounding prior spills of oil within the area covered by the plan. (9) The number of covered vessels calling in and the facilities located in the geographic area and the resulting ability of State and local agencies and industry groups to develop, finance, and maintain a response plan and spill response system for those vessels. (2) This subsection does not authorize the Secretary to delegate to a State the authority to regulate vessel design, construction, equipment, manning, training, or operational requirements. 3. In prescribing the type of voyage data recorder for a vessel, the Secretary shall consider the type, size, and characteristics of the vessel. (2) Paragraph (1) of this subsection applies as follows: (A) To any small passenger vessel certified by the Secretary to carry more than 100 passengers, a high speed commercial vessel, or a passenger vessel built after June 30, 2002. (E) On and after January 1, 2006, to any freight vessel of 3,000 or more gross tons and less than 20,000 gross tons, if the vessel was built after June 30, 2002. Section 6301 of title 46, United States Code, is amended (1) by inserting , and responses to those casualties, after marine casualties; and (2) in paragraph (6) by inserting or improve the response to future casualties after recurrence of the casualty. (a) Transponder Requirement. Nothing in this section is intended to prevent entry into waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States by a vessel under an international agreement to which the United States is a party. The proposal shall include (1) a requirement prohibiting the operation of any such vessel built after January 1, 2004, that has a single hull bunker tank; and (2) a phaseout schedule for such vessels built before that date that have a single hull bunker tank.SECTION 1. SEC. 4801; and (2) by adding at the end of part B the following: CHAPTER 48RESPONSE PLANS FOR NONTANK VESSELS Sec. Application. Sec. (2) The term `maritime cooperative' means any association established by any combination of owners or operators of marine terminals, marine facilities, or vessels, vessel agents, or maritime industry groups, that provides oil spill response planning and oil spillrelated communications services. (3) The term `response plan' means a plan for the prevention of oil spills and the containment and cleanup of oil spills from the navigable waters of the United States and for the protection of fisheries and wildlife, natural resources, and public and private property from such a spill. Application This chapter applies to any vessel over 300 gross tons carrying oil as fuel on the navigable waters of the United States, other than (1) a tank vessel; and (2) a fishing vessel. (b) A response plan under this chapter for operations of a vessel may be submitted by (1) the owner or operator of the vessel, including a person authorized to submit a plan under a contract with the owner or operator pursuant to subsection (c); (2) the owner or operator of any facility at which the vessel will be loading or unloading its cargo; or (3) a qualified maritime cooperative in which the owner or operator of the vessel is a participating member. (c)(1) A person that has contracted with the owner or operator of a vessel to provide containment and cleanup services for operations of the vessel and that meets the standards prescribed by the Secretary under this chapter may submit the response plan required under this chapter for those operations. (2) A maritime cooperative shall have a lien on a vessel owned or operated by a member of the cooperative (A) for any regular operating assessments made by the cooperative with respect to the vessel; and (B) for any direct costs incurred by the cooperative in providing oil spill response or oil spillrelated communications services for the vessel. 4806. (4) The existence of navigational hazards within the area covered by the plan. (5) The history and circumstances surrounding prior spills of oil within the area covered by the plan. (9) The number of covered vessels calling in and the facilities located in the geographic area and the resulting ability of State and local agencies and industry groups to develop, finance, and maintain a response plan and spill response system for those vessels. (2) This subsection does not authorize the Secretary to delegate to a State the authority to regulate vessel design, construction, equipment, manning, training, or operational requirements. 3. In prescribing the type of voyage data recorder for a vessel, the Secretary shall consider the type, size, and characteristics of the vessel. (2) Paragraph (1) of this subsection applies as follows: (A) To any small passenger vessel certified by the Secretary to carry more than 100 passengers, a high speed commercial vessel, or a passenger vessel built after June 30, 2002. (E) On and after January 1, 2006, to any freight vessel of 3,000 or more gross tons and less than 20,000 gross tons, if the vessel was built after June 30, 2002. Section 6301 of title 46, United States Code, is amended (1) by inserting , and responses to those casualties, after marine casualties; and (2) in paragraph (6) by inserting or improve the response to future casualties after recurrence of the casualty. (a) Transponder Requirement. Nothing in this section is intended to prevent entry into waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States by a vessel under an international agreement to which the United States is a party. The proposal shall include (1) a requirement prohibiting the operation of any such vessel built after January 1, 2004, that has a single hull bunker tank; and (2) a phaseout schedule for such vessels built before that date that have a single hull bunker tank.