SECTION 1. (3) Fifty percent of patients with DiamondBlackfan anemia are born with birth defects, including abnormalities to the face, head, upper arm and hand, genitourinary, and heart, and 21 percent of the affected patients have more than 1 defect. (6) Because DiamondBlackfan anemia is a genetic disorder of red cell production and a cancer predisposition syndrome with a high rate of congenital anomalies, the Federal investment regarding DiamondBlackfan anemia must be expanded to allow the careful dissection of this disease, which will provide valuable insights into the biology of blood disorders and cancer predisposition and serve as an important model for understanding the genetics of birth defects. S. The Director of NIH, in coordination with the Directors of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, and the Office of Rare Diseases, shall expand and intensify research and related activities of the National Institutes of Health with regard to DiamondBlackfan anemia. The initiative supported under this subsection may include research on the following: (A) The links of DiamondBlackfan anemia to chronic diseases. REGISTRY AND CLINICAL CARE CENTER FOR DIAMONDBLACKFAN ANEMIA. (b) Comprehensive Clinical Care Center.SECTION 1. (3) Fifty percent of patients with DiamondBlackfan anemia are born with birth defects, including abnormalities to the face, head, upper arm and hand, genitourinary, and heart, and 21 percent of the affected patients have more than 1 defect. (6) Because DiamondBlackfan anemia is a genetic disorder of red cell production and a cancer predisposition syndrome with a high rate of congenital anomalies, the Federal investment regarding DiamondBlackfan anemia must be expanded to allow the careful dissection of this disease, which will provide valuable insights into the biology of blood disorders and cancer predisposition and serve as an important model for understanding the genetics of birth defects. S. The Director of NIH, in coordination with the Directors of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, and the Office of Rare Diseases, shall expand and intensify research and related activities of the National Institutes of Health with regard to DiamondBlackfan anemia. The initiative supported under this subsection may include research on the following: (A) The links of DiamondBlackfan anemia to chronic diseases. REGISTRY AND CLINICAL CARE CENTER FOR DIAMONDBLACKFAN ANEMIA. (b) Comprehensive Clinical Care Center.