SECTION 1. S. (2) Planned refinery outage. The term `refined petroleum product' means any gasoline, diesel fuel, fuel oil, lubricating oil, liquid petroleum gas, or other petroleum distillate that is produced through the refining or processing of crude oil or an oil derived from tar sands, shale, or coal. The owner or operator of a refinery shall submit to the Administrator information describing (1) the schedule of the refinery for any planned refinery outage, including (A) the dates for the planned refinery outage at least 1 year in advance of the date of the expected outage or the date the outage is scheduled; and (B) the estimated inventories and production of refined petroleum products during the period described in subparagraph (A); and (2) any unplanned refinery outages as soon as practicable (c) Review and Analysis of Available Information. On a determination by the Secretary that a refinery outage may affect the price or supply of a refined petroleum product, the Secretary shall make available to refinery operators information on planned refinery outages or unplanned refinery outages to prevent significant market disruptions.SECTION 1. S. (2) Planned refinery outage. The term `refined petroleum product' means any gasoline, diesel fuel, fuel oil, lubricating oil, liquid petroleum gas, or other petroleum distillate that is produced through the refining or processing of crude oil or an oil derived from tar sands, shale, or coal. The owner or operator of a refinery shall submit to the Administrator information describing (1) the schedule of the refinery for any planned refinery outage, including (A) the dates for the planned refinery outage at least 1 year in advance of the date of the expected outage or the date the outage is scheduled; and (B) the estimated inventories and production of refined petroleum products during the period described in subparagraph (A); and (2) any unplanned refinery outages as soon as practicable (c) Review and Analysis of Available Information. On a determination by the Secretary that a refinery outage may affect the price or supply of a refined petroleum product, the Secretary shall make available to refinery operators information on planned refinery outages or unplanned refinery outages to prevent significant market disruptions.