The term essential mineral right means a right to mine sand and gravel at Rocky Flats, as depicted on the map. The term fair market value means the value of an essential mineral right, as determined by an appraisal performed by an independent, certified mineral appraiser under the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. The term map means the map entitled Rocky Flats National Wildlife Refuge, dated July 25, 2005, and available for inspection in appropriate offices of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Department of Energy. S. 9607) arising from hazardous substances releases at or from Rocky Flats that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, are identified in the administrative record for Rocky Flats required by the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan prepared under section 105 of that Act (42 U. Only those funds authorized to be appropriated under subsection (c) shall be available for the Secretary to purchase essential mineral rights under paragraph (1). (5) Use of funds. Any expenditure of funds under this paragraph shall be made jointly by the Trustees. 668dd note; Public Law 107107) is amended (i) in section 3175 (I) by striking subsections (b) and (f); and (II) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (b), (c), and (d), respectively; and (ii) in section 3176(a)(1), by striking section 3175(d) and inserting section 3175(c). Except as provided in paragraph (2), the refuge shall consist of land within the boundaries of Rocky Flats, as depicted on the map (A) entitled `Rocky Flats National Wildlife Refuge'; (B) dated July 25, 2005; and (C) available for inspection in the appropriate offices of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Department of Energy. Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site for fiscal year 2006, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary for the purposes described in subsection (b).The term essential mineral right means a right to mine sand and gravel at Rocky Flats, as depicted on the map. The term fair market value means the value of an essential mineral right, as determined by an appraisal performed by an independent, certified mineral appraiser under the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. The term map means the map entitled Rocky Flats National Wildlife Refuge, dated July 25, 2005, and available for inspection in appropriate offices of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Department of Energy. S. 9607) arising from hazardous substances releases at or from Rocky Flats that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, are identified in the administrative record for Rocky Flats required by the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan prepared under section 105 of that Act (42 U. Only those funds authorized to be appropriated under subsection (c) shall be available for the Secretary to purchase essential mineral rights under paragraph (1). (5) Use of funds. Any expenditure of funds under this paragraph shall be made jointly by the Trustees. 668dd note; Public Law 107107) is amended (i) in section 3175 (I) by striking subsections (b) and (f); and (II) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (b), (c), and (d), respectively; and (ii) in section 3176(a)(1), by striking section 3175(d) and inserting section 3175(c). Except as provided in paragraph (2), the refuge shall consist of land within the boundaries of Rocky Flats, as depicted on the map (A) entitled `Rocky Flats National Wildlife Refuge'; (B) dated July 25, 2005; and (C) available for inspection in the appropriate offices of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Department of Energy. Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site for fiscal year 2006, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary for the purposes described in subsection (b).