DEMONSTRATION PROJECT TO INCLUDE CERTAIN COVERED BENEFICIARIES WITHIN FEDERAL EMPLOYEES HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM. (1) Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Sec. (1) A covered beneficiary referred to in subsection (a) is a member or former member of the uniformed services described in section 1074(b) of this title, or a dependent of the member described in section 1076(b) of this title, who is or becomes entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U. S. ) before the covered beneficiary enrolls in a health benefits plan offered pursuant to subsection (a), the covered beneficiary shall be required to remain enrolled in such supplemental medical insurance program during the term of the demonstration project. The authority responsible for approving retired or retainer pay or equivalent pay in the case of a member or former member shall manage the participation of the member or former member, or dependents of the member or former member, who enroll in health benefits plans offered through the Federal Employee Health Benefits program pursuant to subsection (a). (1) The Office of Personnel Management shall require health benefits plans under chapter 89 of title 5 that participate in the demonstration project to maintain a separate risk pool for purposes of establishing premium rates for covered beneficiaries who enroll in such a plan in accordance with this section. (3) The outofpocket cost to enrollees under such health benefits plans and a comparison of those costs to the costs incurred by other enrollees under the Federal Employee Health Benefits program. (6) The effect of this section on the cost, access, and utilization rates of other health care options under the health care system of the uniformed services. ; (2) in section 8906(b) (A) in paragraph (1), by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting in lieu thereof paragraphs (2), (3), and (4); and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) In the case of individuals who enroll, as part of the demonstration project under section 1107 of title 10, in a health benefits plan in accordance with section 8905(d) of this title, the Government contribution shall be determined in accordance with section 1107(g) of title 10.DEMONSTRATION PROJECT TO INCLUDE CERTAIN COVERED BENEFICIARIES WITHIN FEDERAL EMPLOYEES HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM. (1) Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Sec. (1) A covered beneficiary referred to in subsection (a) is a member or former member of the uniformed services described in section 1074(b) of this title, or a dependent of the member described in section 1076(b) of this title, who is or becomes entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U. S. ) before the covered beneficiary enrolls in a health benefits plan offered pursuant to subsection (a), the covered beneficiary shall be required to remain enrolled in such supplemental medical insurance program during the term of the demonstration project. The authority responsible for approving retired or retainer pay or equivalent pay in the case of a member or former member shall manage the participation of the member or former member, or dependents of the member or former member, who enroll in health benefits plans offered through the Federal Employee Health Benefits program pursuant to subsection (a). (1) The Office of Personnel Management shall require health benefits plans under chapter 89 of title 5 that participate in the demonstration project to maintain a separate risk pool for purposes of establishing premium rates for covered beneficiaries who enroll in such a plan in accordance with this section. (3) The outofpocket cost to enrollees under such health benefits plans and a comparison of those costs to the costs incurred by other enrollees under the Federal Employee Health Benefits program. (6) The effect of this section on the cost, access, and utilization rates of other health care options under the health care system of the uniformed services. ; (2) in section 8906(b) (A) in paragraph (1), by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting in lieu thereof paragraphs (2), (3), and (4); and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) In the case of individuals who enroll, as part of the demonstration project under section 1107 of title 10, in a health benefits plan in accordance with section 8905(d) of this title, the Government contribution shall be determined in accordance with section 1107(g) of title 10.