SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Secondary Payer Advancement, Rationalization, and Clarification Act or the SPARC Act. SEC. Section 1860D2(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. (ii) Limitation on parties making prescription drug plans primary. A primary drug plan (as defined in clause (iv), other than a group health plan or multiemployer or multiple employer plan of, or contributed to by, an employer that has 20 or fewer employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the calendar year involved or the preceding calendar year), a selfinsured plan, a service benefit plan, a managed care organization, a pharmacy benefit manager, or other party that, by statute, contract, or agreement, is legally responsible for payment of a claim for a covered outpatient drug, in enrolling an individual or in making any payments for benefits to the individual or on the individual's behalf, may not take into account that the individual is enrolled under a prescription drug plan under this part or is eligible for or is provided coverage for covered part D drugs under this part. A subrogation claim may not be asserted pursuant to this subparagraph by a prescription drug plan with respect to a payment for a covered part D drug after the date that is 3 years after the date such plan receives notice of a payment, with respect to such covered part D drug, pursuant to subparagraph (D). Not later than 10 days after the date the Secretary receives a notice under section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii)(I) relating to an individual during the period the individual is enrolled in a prescription drug plan, the Secretary shall provide such notice to the plan. The Secretary shall include any covered part D drug identified by a prescription drug plan pursuant to clause (ii) within the Secretary's statement of reimbursement amount on the Web site as described in section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii). (b) Effective Date.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Secondary Payer Advancement, Rationalization, and Clarification Act or the SPARC Act. SEC. Section 1860D2(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. (ii) Limitation on parties making prescription drug plans primary. A primary drug plan (as defined in clause (iv), other than a group health plan or multiemployer or multiple employer plan of, or contributed to by, an employer that has 20 or fewer employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the calendar year involved or the preceding calendar year), a selfinsured plan, a service benefit plan, a managed care organization, a pharmacy benefit manager, or other party that, by statute, contract, or agreement, is legally responsible for payment of a claim for a covered outpatient drug, in enrolling an individual or in making any payments for benefits to the individual or on the individual's behalf, may not take into account that the individual is enrolled under a prescription drug plan under this part or is eligible for or is provided coverage for covered part D drugs under this part. A subrogation claim may not be asserted pursuant to this subparagraph by a prescription drug plan with respect to a payment for a covered part D drug after the date that is 3 years after the date such plan receives notice of a payment, with respect to such covered part D drug, pursuant to subparagraph (D). Not later than 10 days after the date the Secretary receives a notice under section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii)(I) relating to an individual during the period the individual is enrolled in a prescription drug plan, the Secretary shall provide such notice to the plan. The Secretary shall include any covered part D drug identified by a prescription drug plan pursuant to clause (ii) within the Secretary's statement of reimbursement amount on the Web site as described in section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii). (b) Effective Date.