SEC. The term Director means the Director of the Institute of Standards and Technology. (4) United states manufacturing university. The Director, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies (including the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the Director of the National Science Foundation), shall designate not more than 25 institutions of higher education as United States manufacturing universities. Funds provided to an institution of higher education under this subsection shall be used to carry out the goals and meet the targets described in subsection (c)(2)(B). Not later than 2 years after the date an institution of higher education receives a designation under subsection (b)(1), the Director shall conduct a review of the progress the institution of higher education has made toward the targets and goals described in subsection (c)(2)(B). Not later than September 30 of each year, the Director shall submit to Congress a report that includes (A) a list of the institutions of higher education that have received a designation under subsection (b)(1); and (B) a description of the progress such institutions of higher education have made toward the targets and goals described in subsection (c)(2)(B). Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director, in cooperation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall make recommendations on how the programs established under Phase III of the Small Business Act (15 U. 638), can be adapted to provide assistance to small businesses that collaborate with United States manufacturing universities. There are authorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018 to carry out the provisions of this section.SEC. The term Director means the Director of the Institute of Standards and Technology. (4) United states manufacturing university. The Director, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies (including the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the Director of the National Science Foundation), shall designate not more than 25 institutions of higher education as United States manufacturing universities. Funds provided to an institution of higher education under this subsection shall be used to carry out the goals and meet the targets described in subsection (c)(2)(B). Not later than 2 years after the date an institution of higher education receives a designation under subsection (b)(1), the Director shall conduct a review of the progress the institution of higher education has made toward the targets and goals described in subsection (c)(2)(B). Not later than September 30 of each year, the Director shall submit to Congress a report that includes (A) a list of the institutions of higher education that have received a designation under subsection (b)(1); and (B) a description of the progress such institutions of higher education have made toward the targets and goals described in subsection (c)(2)(B). Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director, in cooperation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall make recommendations on how the programs established under Phase III of the Small Business Act (15 U. 638), can be adapted to provide assistance to small businesses that collaborate with United States manufacturing universities. There are authorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018 to carry out the provisions of this section.