SHORT TITLE. This Act may be cited as the Servicemembers and Veterans Prescription Drug Safety Act of 2016. The term covered beneficiary has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. The term covered controlled substance means a controlled substance that is listed in schedule II, III, IV, or V of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. The term eligible person means (A) a member of the Armed Forces; (B) an individual who is receiving or is entitled to receive retired or retainer pay under chapter 71 of title 10, United States Code; (C) a dependent of a member of the Armed Forces, if that dependent is a covered beneficiary in receipt of health care services under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code; and (D) any person lawfully entitled to dispose of the property of a person described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) who dies while lawfully in possession of a covered controlled substance for personal use. (c) Prevention of Abuse. Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary and the Attorney General jointly prescribe regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall fully implement the program. PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKEBACK PROGRAM FOR VETERANS AND THEIR DEPENDENTS. The term covered controlled substance means a controlled substance that is listed in schedule II, III, IV, or V of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. Notwithstanding the requirement under section 302(g)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.SHORT TITLE. This Act may be cited as the Servicemembers and Veterans Prescription Drug Safety Act of 2016. The term covered beneficiary has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. The term covered controlled substance means a controlled substance that is listed in schedule II, III, IV, or V of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. The term eligible person means (A) a member of the Armed Forces; (B) an individual who is receiving or is entitled to receive retired or retainer pay under chapter 71 of title 10, United States Code; (C) a dependent of a member of the Armed Forces, if that dependent is a covered beneficiary in receipt of health care services under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code; and (D) any person lawfully entitled to dispose of the property of a person described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) who dies while lawfully in possession of a covered controlled substance for personal use. (c) Prevention of Abuse. Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary and the Attorney General jointly prescribe regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall fully implement the program. PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKEBACK PROGRAM FOR VETERANS AND THEIR DEPENDENTS. The term covered controlled substance means a controlled substance that is listed in schedule II, III, IV, or V of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. Notwithstanding the requirement under section 302(g)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.