SECTION 1. (4) Since 2010, there has been an equally dramatic increase in the number of laws and regulations singling out abortion that threaten women's health and their ability to access safe abortion services by interfering with health care professionals' ability to provide such services. (9) Congress has the authority to protect women's ability to access abortion services pursuant to its powers under the Commerce Clause and its powers under section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution to enforce the provisions of section 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment. SEC. 3. In this Act: (1) Abortion. The term government includes a branch, department, agency, instrumentality, or individual acting under color of law of the United States, a State, or a subdivision of a State. (5) Medically comparable procedures. (3) A limitation on an abortion provider's ability to prescribe or dispense drugs based on current evidencebased regimens or her or his goodfaith medical judgment, other than a limitation generally applicable to the medical profession. (5) A requirement or limitation concerning the physical plant, equipment, staffing, or hospital transfer arrangements of facilities where abortions are performed, or the credentials or hospital privileges or status of personnel at such facilities, that is not imposed on facilities or the personnel of facilities where medically comparable procedures are performed. A measure or action directed at restricting the provision of abortion services or the facilities that provide abortion services that is similar to any of the prohibited limitations or requirements described in subsection (a) shall be unlawful if such measure or action singles out abortion services or makes abortion services more difficult to access and does not significantly advance women's health or the safety of abortion services. (F) Whether the measure or action imposes criminal or civil penalties that are not imposed on other health care professionals for comparable conduct or failure to act or that are harsher than penalties imposed on other health care professionals for comparable conduct or failure to act. (2) A prohibition on abortion after fetal viability when, in the goodfaith medical judgment of the treating physician, continuation of the pregnancy would pose a risk to the pregnant woman's life or health. This Act shall apply to government restrictions on the provision of abortion services, whether statutory or otherwise, whether they are enacted or imposed prior to or after the date of enactment of this Act. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize any government to interfere with a woman's ability to terminate her pregnancy, to diminish or in any way negatively affect a woman's constitutional right to terminate her pregnancy, or to displace any other remedy for violations of the constitutional right to terminate a pregnancy. (c) Equitable Relief.