SECTION 1. SEC. (I) Any alien who, in seeking entry to the United States or boarding a common carrier for the purpose of coming to the United States, presents any document which, in the determination of the immigration officer, is forged, counterfeit, altered, falsely made, stolen, or inapplicable to the alien presenting the document, or otherwise contains a misrepresentation of a material fact, is excludable. (II) Any alien who, in boarding a common carrier for the purpose of coming to the United States, presents a document that relates or purports to relate to the alien's eligibility to enter the United States, and fails to present such document to an immigration officer upon arrival at a port of entry into the United States, is excludable. 1158) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e)(1) Application of Fraud Exclusion. (3) Definition. (2) Section 212(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U. (C) An alien under subparagraph (B) who is determined by an immigration officer, specially trained to conduct interviews and make determinations bearing on eligibility for asylum, to be excludable and ineligible for the exception under section 208(e)(2), shall be specially excluded and deported from the United States without further hearing. (3)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), if the examining immigration officer determines that an alien seeking entry is not clearly and beyond a doubt entitled to enter, the alien shall be detained for a hearing before an immigration judge. (B) The provisions of subparagraph (A) shall not apply (i) to an alien crewman, (ii) to an alien described in paragraph (2)(A) or (2)(C), or (iii) if the conditions described in section 273(d) exist. (6)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), an alien has not entered the United States for purposes of this Act unless and until such alien has been inspected and admitted by an immigration officer pursuant to this subsection. 1225) (as amended by section 3) is amended by adding after subsection (c) the following new subsections: (d) Habeas Corpus Review. In any such case, review by habeas corpus shall be limited to examination of whether the petitioner (1) is an alien, and (2) was ordered excluded from the United States pursuant to section 235(b)(2). In any action brought for the assessment of penalties for improper entry or reentry of an alien under section 275 or 276, no court shall have jurisdiction to hear claims collaterally attacking the validity of orders of exclusion, special exclusion, or deportation entered under sections 235, 236, and 242.