SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) The industrialization of China and India has driven demand for nonfuel mineral commodities, sparking a period of resource nationalism exemplified by China's reduction in exports of rareearth elements necessary for telecommunications, military technologies, healthcare technologies, and conventional and renewable energy technologies. (C) The United States share of world wide mineral exploration dollars was 8 percent in 2011, down from 19 percent in the early 1990s. SEC. The term strategic and critical minerals means minerals that are necessary (A) for national defense and national security requirements; (B) for the Nation's energy infrastructure, including pipelines, refining capacity, electrical power generation and transmission, and renewable energy production; (C) to support domestic manufacturing, agriculture, housing, telecommunications, healthcare, and transportation infrastructure; and (D) for the Nation's economic security and balance of trade. The term agency means any agency, department, or other unit of Federal, State, local, or tribal government, or Alaska Native Corporation. TITLE IDEVELOPMENT OF DOMESTIC SOURCES OF STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS SEC. 101. Domestic mines that will provide strategic and critical minerals shall be considered an infrastructure project as described in Presidential Order Improving Performance of Federal Permitting and Review of Infrastructure Projects dated March 22, 2012. SEC. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEAD AGENCY. (c) The lead agency with responsibility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit shall enhance government coordination on permitting and review by avoiding duplicative reviews, minimizing paperwork and engaging other agencies and stakeholders early in the process. (2) A determination of the scope of any document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (g) The lead agency will determine the amount of financial assurance for reclamation of a mineral exploration or mining site, which must cover the estimated cost if the lead agency were to contract with a third party to reclaim the operations according to the reclamation plan, including construction and maintenance costs for any treatment facilities necessary to meet Federal, State or tribal environmental standards. Absent any extraordinary circumstance or except as otherwise required by any Act of Congress, each Federal Register notice described in subsection (a) shall undergo any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture and be published in its final form in the Federal Register no later than 30 days after its initial preparation. The court shall endeavor to hear and determine any covered civil action as expeditiously as possible. Sections 504 of title 5, United States Code, and 2412 of title 28, United States Code (together commonly called the Equal Access to Justice Act) do not apply to a covered civil action, nor shall any party in such a covered civil action receive payment from the Federal Government for their attorneys' fees, expenses, and other court costs.