Congress finds that (1) there are many sites honoring Presidents located throughout the United States, including Presidential birthplaces, homes, museums, burial sites, and tombs; (2) most of the sites are owned, operated, and maintained by nonFederal entities such as State and local agencies, family foundations, colleges and universities, libraries, historical societies, historic preservation organizations, and other nonprofit organizations; (3) Presidential sites are often expensive to maintain; (4) many Presidential sites are in need of capital, technological, and interpretive display improvements for which funding is insufficient or unavailable; and (5) to promote understanding of the history of the United States by recognizing and preserving historic sites linked to Presidents of the United States, the Federal Government should provide grants for the maintenance and improvement of Presidential sites. The term Grant Commission means the Presidential Site Grant Commission established by section 4(d). SEC. (a) In General. The Secretary shall award grants for major maintenance and improvement projects at Presidential sites to owners or operators of Presidential sites in accordance with this section. (b) Use of Grant Funds. Of the funds made available to award grants under this Act (i) 15 percent shall be used for emergency projects, as determined by the Secretary; (ii) 65 percent shall be used for grants for Presidential sites with (I) a 3year average annual operating budget of less than $700,000 (not including the amount of any grant received under this section); and (II) an endowment in an amount that is less than 3 times the annual operating budget of the site; and (iii) 20 percent shall be used for grants for Presidential sites with (I) an annual operating budget of $700,000 or more (not including the amount of any grant received under this section); and (II) an endowment in an amount that is equal to or more than 3 times the annual operating budget of the site. If any funds allocated for a category of projects described in subparagraph (A) are unexpended, the Secretary may use the funds to award grants for another category of projects described in that subparagraph. Not later than a date to be determined by the Secretary, an owner or operator of a Presidential site may submit to the Secretary an application for a grant under this section. (d) Presidential Site Grant Commission.