SECTION 1. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF SERVICE DOGS FOR THE TREATMENT OR REHABILITATION OF VETERANS WITH PHYSICAL OR MENTAL INJURIES OR DISABILITIES. Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States owes a profound debt to those who have served the United States honorably in the Armed Forces. (3) In 2008, the Army reported the highest level of suicides among its soldiers since it began tracking the rate 28 years before 2009. (4) A scientific study documented in the 2008 Rand Report entitled Invisible Wounds of War estimated that 300,000 veterans of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom currently suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder. The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program by partnering with nonprofit organizations that (A) have experience providing service dogs to individuals with injuries or disabilities; (B) do not charge fees for the dogs, services, or lodging that they provide; and (C) are accredited by a generally accepted industrystandard accrediting institution. (2) Reimbursement of costs. The matters studied shall include the following: (1) The therapeutic benefits to such veterans, including the quality of life benefits reported by the veterans partaking in the pilot program. After each year of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the pilot program.SECTION 1. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF SERVICE DOGS FOR THE TREATMENT OR REHABILITATION OF VETERANS WITH PHYSICAL OR MENTAL INJURIES OR DISABILITIES. Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States owes a profound debt to those who have served the United States honorably in the Armed Forces. (3) In 2008, the Army reported the highest level of suicides among its soldiers since it began tracking the rate 28 years before 2009. (4) A scientific study documented in the 2008 Rand Report entitled Invisible Wounds of War estimated that 300,000 veterans of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom currently suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder. The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program by partnering with nonprofit organizations that (A) have experience providing service dogs to individuals with injuries or disabilities; (B) do not charge fees for the dogs, services, or lodging that they provide; and (C) are accredited by a generally accepted industrystandard accrediting institution. (2) Reimbursement of costs. The matters studied shall include the following: (1) The therapeutic benefits to such veterans, including the quality of life benefits reported by the veterans partaking in the pilot program. After each year of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the pilot program.