SECTION 1. The purpose of this Act is to develop, implement, and expand educational and work experience opportunities for courtinvolved, previously incarcerated, and otherwise disadvantaged youth and young adults through service and conservation corps and other communitybased service organizations. The Congress finds as follows: (1) On any given day, more than 500,000 juvenile court cases in the United States end in incarceration or probation. (6) The most effective programs at reducing recidivism rates and promoting positive life outcomes for youth are administered within communities, outside of the criminal juvenile justice system. S. 2801)) and local employers and can provide participants with appropriate postprogram placements; (G) require participants to be enrolled in the program for not less than 6 months, and provide participants with at least 12 months of postprogram support and services; (H) collect postprogram data for at least the 12 months after such participants complete the program; and (I) have in place a plan for sustaining the program after the expiration of the grant. The term national intermediary means a national nonprofit organization that (A) has experience in developing and administering programs that utilize community service to deliver education and work experience to courtinvolved, formerly incarcerated, and otherwise disadvantaged youth; (B) demonstrates an ability to administer a competitive subgrant process that will result in the selection of no less than nine geographically diverse local subgrantees to carry out Civil Justice Corps programs that implement the Civic Justice Corps Model; (C) demonstrates an ability to provide training and technical assistance to subgrantees; and (D) has the ability to collect information from the subgrantees on the performance measures described in section 6(b) and report such information to the Attorney General on an annual basis. The term service and conservation corps means any State or local service or conservation corps, including a service or conservation corps carried out under the national service laws. Each national intermediary receiving a grant under this section shall reserve (A) not less than 90 percent for subgrants to local subgrantees; and (B) not more than 10 percent for training and technical assistance to, and data collection from, such local subgrantees. (2) Postprogram placement for each participant in one of the following, and total postprogram placement rates for each of the following: (A) Unsubsidized employment. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2018.