SECTION 1. SEC. SPECIAL PACKAGING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS FOR LIQUID DETERGENT PACKETS. Except as provided in subsection (c)(1), not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate a final rule that establishes safety standards for liquid detergent packets to protect children who are younger than 5 years of age from injury or illness caused by exposure to such packets. The final rule promulgated under paragraph (1) shall (A) require special packaging for liquid detergent packets; (B) include standards to address the design and color of liquid detergent packets to (i) make them less attractive to children; (ii) reduce the likelihood of exposure to detergent; and (iii) otherwise reduce risks related to the ingestion or aspiration of, or ocular contact with, detergent and other potential injury risks of liquid detergent packets; (C) include standards to address the composition of liquid detergent packets to make the consequences of exposure less severe; and (D) prescribe warning labels that (i) adequately inform consumers of the potential risks of injury and death caused by liquid detergent packets; (ii) are conspicuous and visible at the point of sale; (iii) clarify hazard patterns, including known consequences of such hazards; and (iv) identify actions needed to avoid injury. A rule promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be treated as a consumer product safety standard described in section 7(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U. 2056(a)). Subsection (b)(1) shall not apply if the Commission determines that (A) a voluntary standard pertaining to liquid detergent packets manufactured or imported for use in the United States protects children as described in subsection (b)(1); (B) such voluntary standard is or will be in effect not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (C) such voluntary standard is developed by ASTM International Subcommittee F15. 2056(a)) beginning on the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 180 days after the date of the publication under paragraph (2) of such determination; or (B) the effective date specified in the voluntary standard. (B) An assessment as to whether the rule promulgated under subsection (b)(1) or the voluntary standard adopted under subsection (c), as the case may be, has been effective in protecting young children from injury or illness caused by exposure to detergent packets.