SECTION 1. APPLICATION OF MAIL AND WIRE FRAUD STATUTES TO LICENCES AND OTHER INTANGIBLE RIGHTS. SEC. SEC. Section 201(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (3) the term `official act' (A) includes any act within the range of official duty, and any decision, recommendation, or action on any question, matter, cause, suit, proceeding, or controversy, which may at any time be pending, or which may by law be brought before any public official, in such public official's official capacity or in such official's place of trust or profit; (B) may be a single act, more than one act, or a course of conduct; and (C) includes a decision or recommendation that a government should not take action. AMENDMENT OF THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES RELATING TO CERTAIN CRIMES. In carrying out this subsection, the Commission shall (1) ensure that the sentencing guidelines and policy statements reflect Congress's intent that the guidelines and policy statements reflect the serious nature of the offenses described in paragraph (1), the growing incidence of such offenses, and the need for an effective deterrent and appropriate punishment to prevent such offenses; (2) consider the extent to which the guidelines may or may not appropriately account for (A) the potential and actual harm to the public and the amount of any loss resulting from the offense; (B) the level of sophistication and planning involved in the offense; (C) whether the offense was committed for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial benefit; (D) whether the defendant acted with intent to cause either physical or property harm in committing the offense; (E) the extent to which the offense represented an abuse of trust by the offender and was committed in a manner that undermined public confidence in the Federal, State or local government; and (F) whether the violation was intended to or had the effect of creating a threat to public health or safety, injury to any person or even death; (3) assure reasonable consistency with other relevant directives and with other sentencing guidelines; (4) account for any additional aggravating or mitigating circumstances that might justify exceptions to the generally applicable sentencing ranges; (5) make any necessary conforming changes to the sentencing guidelines; and (6) assure that the guidelines adequately meet the purposes of sentencing as set forth in section 3553(a)(2) of title 18, United States Code. SEC. Corruption offenses Unless an indictment is returned or the information is filed against a person within 10 years after the commission of the offense, a person may not be prosecuted, tried, or punished for a violation of, or a conspiracy or an attempt to violate the offense in (1) section 201 or 666; (2) section 1341 or 1343, when charged in conjunction with section 1346 and where the offense involves a scheme or artifice to deprive another of the intangible right of honest services of a public official; (3) section 1951, if the offense involves extortion under color of official right; (4) section 1952, to the extent that the unlawful activity involves bribery; or (5) section 1962, to the extent that the racketeering activity involves bribery chargeable under State law, involves a violation of section 201 or 666, section 1341 or 1343, when charged in conjunction with section 1346 and where the offense involves a scheme or artifice to deprive another of the intangible right of honest services of a public official, or section 1951, if the offense involves extortion under color of official right. Section 602(a)(4) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking 3 years and inserting 10 years. (e) Solicitation and Acceptance of Contributions in Federal Offices. (f) Coercion of Political Activity by Federal Employees. Section 2516(1)(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended (1) by inserting section 641 (relating to embezzlement or theft of public money, property, or records), section 666 (relating to theft or bribery concerning programs receiving Federal funds), after section 224 (bribery in sporting contests),; and (2) by inserting section 1031 (relating to major fraud against the United States) after section 1014 (relating to loans and credit applications generally; renewals and discounts),. Chapter 79 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. Venue A prosecution under section 1621(1), 1622 (in regard to subornation of perjury under 1621(1)), or 1623 of this title may be brought in the district in which the oath, declaration, certificate, verification, or statement under penalty of perjury is made or in which a proceeding takes place in connection with the oath, declaration, certificate, verification, or statement. PROHIBITION ON UNDISCLOSED SELFDEALING BY PUBLIC OFFICIALS. The term `public official' means an officer, employee, or elected or appointed representative, or person acting for or on behalf of the United States, a State, or a subdivision of a State, or any department, agency or branch of government thereof, in any official function, under or by authority of any such department, agency, or branch of government. (3) State. The term `undisclosed selfdealing' means that (A) a public official performs an official act for the purpose, in whole or in part, of benefitting or furthering a financial interest of (i) the public official; (ii) the spouse or minor child of a public official; (iii) a general business partner of the public official; (iv) a business or organization in which the public official is serving as an employee, officer, director, trustee, or general partner; or (v) an individual, business, or organization with whom the public official is negotiating for, or has any arrangement concerning, prospective employment or financial compensation; and (B) the public official knowingly falsifies, conceals, or covers up material information that is required to be disclosed regarding that financial interest by any Federal, State, or local statute, rule, regulation, or charter applicable to the public official, or knowingly fails to disclose material information regarding that financial interest in a manner that is required by any Federal, State, or local statute, rule, regulation, or charter applicable to the public official. The amendments made by this section apply to acts engaged in on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN COMPLAINTS AGAINST JUDGES. Section 3731 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after United States attorney the following: , Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorney General, or the Attorney General.