SECTION 1. (a) In General. 3. Section 41742 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (c) Per Passenger Subsidy Cap. The dollar amount described in this paragraph is (i) for calendar year 2008, $200; and (ii) for each calendar year after calendar year 2008, $200 increased by an amount equal to (I) $200, multiplied by (II) the percentage (if any) by which the CPI for the preceding calendar year exceeds the CPI for calendar year 2007. S. SEC. A place described in this subsection is a place (1) that is otherwise an eligible place; and (2) for which the per passenger subsidy exceeds the dollar amount allowable under section 41742(c). The Secretary shall continue to pay compensation under this section only as long as (A) the State or local government or person agreeing to pay compensation under subsection (c)(2) continues to pay such compensation; and (B) the Secretary decides the compensation is necessary to maintain air transportation to the place. Not later than 90 days after receiving a proposal under subsection (a) for compensation for a preferred air carrier described in subsection (b) to provide air transportation to an eligible place, the Secretary shall (1) decide whether to provide compensation for the preferred air carrier to provide air transportation to the eligible place; and (2) approve the proposal if the State or local government or a person is willing and able to pay the difference between (A) the rate of compensation the Secretary would provide to the air carrier that submits the lowest cost bid to provide air transportation to the eligible place; and (B) the rate of compensation the preferred air carrier estimates to be necessary to provide air transportation to the eligible place. A preferred air carrier providing air transportation to an eligible place under this section may end, suspend, or reduce such air transportation if, not later than 30 days before ending, suspending, or reducing such air transportation, the preferred air carrier provides notice of the intent of the preferred air carrier to end, suspend, or reduce such air transportation to (1) the Secretary; (2) the affected community; and (3) the State or local government or person agreeing to pay compensation under subsection (c)(2). If the per passenger subsidy required by the proposal submitted by a State or local government under paragraph (1) does not exceed the per passenger subsidy cap provided under section 41742(c), the Secretary shall issue an order restoring the eligibility of the otherwise eligible place to receive basic essential air service by an air carrier for compensation under subsection (c). (2) Most commonly used route. This subsection shall apply only to eligible places in the 48 contiguous States and the District of Columbia. The functions of the Office are (1) to develop a uniform 4year contract for air carriers providing essential air service to communities under subchapter II of chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code; (2) to develop a mechanism for comparing applications submitted by air carriers under section 41733(c) to provide essential air service to communities, including comparing (A) estimates from air carriers on (i) the cost of providing essential air service; and (ii) the revenues air carriers expect to receive when providing essential air service; and (B) estimated schedules for air transportation; and (3) to select an air carrier from among air carriers applying to provide essential air service, based on the criteria described in paragraph (2). Section 41737 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (a)(1) (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and inserting ; and; and (C) by adding at the end the following: (D) provide for an adjustment in compensation to account for significant increases in fuel costs, in accordance with subsection (e). Section 41742 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking $77,000,000 and inserting $33,000,000; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking Notwithstanding section 47114 and all that follows. Section 41737(d)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (2) In addition to amounts authorized to be appropriated under section 41742(a), not more than $50,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary out of the Fund for each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2011 to incur obligations under this section.