(b) PrivateSector Recruitment Practices. Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the extent to which the pilot program achieved the goal of improving the recruitment and retention of nurses in Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities. Chapter 74 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7456 the following new section: Sec. This section applies to registered nurses appointed under this chapter. (b) 36/40 Work Schedule. (B) The hourly rate of basic pay for such a nurse for service performed as part of a regularly scheduled 36hour tour of duty within the workweek shall be derived by dividing the nurse's annual rate of basic pay by 1,872. (C)(i) Such a nurse who performs a period of service in excess of such nurse's regularly scheduled 36hour tour of duty within a workweek is entitled to overtime pay under section 7453(e) of this title, or other applicable law, for officially ordered or approved service performed in excess of (I) eight hours on a day other than a day on which such nurse's regularly scheduled 12hour tour falls; (II) 12 hours for any day included in the regularly scheduled 36hour tour of duty; and (III) 40 hours during an administrative workweek. (2)(A) Basic and additional pay for a registered nurse who is considered under paragraph (1) to have worked a full 80hour pay period is subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C). (3) A nurse who works a 7/7 work schedule described in this subsection who is absent on approved sick leave or annual leave during a regularly scheduled 12hour tour of duty shall be charged for such leave at a rate of eight hours of leave for seven hours of absence. A nurse working on such a schedule for any fiscal year shall be considered a \3/4\ fulltime equivalent employee for that fiscal year in computing fulltime equivalent employees for the purposes of determining compliance with personnel ceilings. SEC. 4. Section 7401(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended (1) by striking and dental technologists and inserting technologists, dental hygienists, dental assistants; and (2) by striking technicians, therapeutic radiologic technicians, and social workers and inserting technologists, therapeutic radiologic technologists, social workers, blind rehabilitation specialists, and blind rehabilitation outpatient specialists. ASSISTANCE FOR HIRING AND RETENTION OF NURSES AT STATE VETERANS HOMES. Payments to a State for a fiscal year under this section shall, subject to submission of an application, be made to any State that during that year (1) receives per diem payments under this subchapter for that fiscal year; and (2) has in effect an employee incentive scholarship program or other employee incentive program at a State home designed to promote the hiring and retention of nursing staff and to reduce nursing shortages at that home. (c) Use of Funds Received. Any program shall meet such criteria as the Secretary may prescribe. Any such application shall describe the nursing shortage at the State home and the employee incentive scholarship program or other incentive program described in subsection (c) for which the payment is sought. (i) Annual Report From Payment Recipients. The regulations shall include the establishment of criteria for the award of payments under this section.