SECTION 1. SEC. 2. The Secretary shall issue such order upon application, unless, after opportunity for hearing, the Secretary finds that the proposed exportation or importation will not be consistent with the public interest. With respect to natural gas which is imported into the United States from a nation with which there is in effect a free trade agreement requiring national treatment for trade in natural gas, and with respect to liquefied natural gas (1) the importation of such natural gas shall be treated as a `first sale' within the meaning of section 2(21) of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978; and (2) the Secretary of Energy shall not, on the basis of national origin, treat any such imported natural gas on an unjust, unreasonable, unduly discriminatory, or preferential basis. (d) Authorization for Liquefied Natural Gas Import Terminals. (3) Except as otherwise provided by Federal law, no State or local government may require a permit, license, concurrence, approval, certificate, or other form of authorization with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of a liquefied natural gas import terminal. (5) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to repeal or modify the authority under this section to authorize a person to import or export natural gas or to authorize facilities for the import or export of natural gas other than liquefied natural gas import terminals. (e) Schedule and Administrative Record. The schedule shall also include all Federal and State administrative proceedings authorized by Federal law for the siting, construction, expansion, and operation of natural gas pipelines and facilities related to the transportation of liquefied natural gas or natural gas from the liquefied natural gas import terminal. In establishing the schedule, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall, to the extent practicable, accommodate the applicable schedules established by Federal law for such proceedings. (1) Except for review by the Supreme Court of the United States on writ of certiorari, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any civil action for review of a decision made or action taken by a Federal administrative agency or officer (or State administrative agency or officer acting under delegated Federal authority) with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of a liquefied natural gas import terminal. 717a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (11) `Liquefied natural gas import terminal' includes all facilities located onshore or in State waters that are used to receive, unload, store, transport, gasify, or process liquefied natural gas that is imported to the United States from a foreign country, but does not include the tankers used to deliver liquefied natural gas to such facilities.