SECTION 1. 632); and (3) the term small business concern owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals has the same meaning as in section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U. In this subsection, the term `Guidelines' means the guidelines entitled `Emergency Procurement Flexibilities (A Framework for Responsive Contracting & Guidelines for Using Simplified Acquisition Procedures)' issued by the Office of Federal Procurement Policy of the Office of Management and Budget on May 30, 2003, or any successor thereto. In order to enable the Federal Government to purchase goods and service quickly and efficiently in times of disaster, contingency, or other emergency, while promoting small business concern utilization, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall (A) ensure that the Guidelines continue to strongly encourage that the Federal Government utilize the small business procurement flexibilities in this Act; (B) ensure that the Guidelines fully address all available small business procurement flexibilities (including flexibilities authorized for small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals under section 8(a), HUBZone small business concerns, and small business concerns owned and controlled by service disabled veterans); (C) periodically revise, update, or modify the Guidelines; (D) publish the Guidelines, as updated to comply with this paragraph, in the Federal Register; and (E) consult with the Administrator on any changes to the Guidelines. The Administrator shall, with regard to the Guidelines (A) develop and conduct ongoing governmentwide training on small business emergency procurement flexibilities (including flexibilities authorized for small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals under section 8(a), HUBZone small business concerns, and small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans); and (B) designate not fewer than 1 official to provide advice and assistance to the Office of Federal Procurement Policy and other Federal agencies on the use of small business procurement flexibilities in times of disaster, contingency, or other emergency. SEC. 4. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy and the Administrator shall ensure that the Federal Procurement Data System contains comprehensive Governmentwide data on small business participation in contracting related to Hurricane Katrina of 2005 or Hurricane Rita of 2005. 632(p)(1)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking or; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period and inserting ; or; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (F) any area affected by Hurricane Katrina of 2005 or Hurricane Rita of 2005, for such time or in such geographic area as designated by the Administrator. (a) In General. Upon request of the head of any Federal agency other than the Administration involved in reconstruction efforts in response to Hurricane Katrina of 2005 or Hurricane Rita of 2005, the Administrator may guarantee and enter into a commitment to guarantee any security against loss under subsection (a) on any total work order or contract amount at the time of bond execution that does not exceed $10,000,000. The Administrator and the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall ensure that the Federal Government establishes and maintains multipleaward contracts with small business concerns of all categories on a nationwide and regional basis for the purpose of conducting or supporting Federal disaster recovery efforts. No contract; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (ii) Emergency procurements. 428a(c)), the subcontracting plan required under this subsection shall be negotiated as soon as is practicable, but not later than 30 days after the date on which the contract is awarded. (II) Payment. The Administrator shall designate any disaster area as an area of concentrated unemployment or underemployment, or a labor surplus area for purposes of paragraph (1). The Administrator shall give priority in the awarding of contracts and the placement of subcontracts for disaster relief to local small business concerns. Section 711(d) of the Small Business Competitive Demonstration Program Act of 1988 (15 U. The Program shall not apply to any contract related to relief or reconstruction from Hurricane Katrina of 2005 or Hurricane Rita of 2005.