SECTION 1. SEC. The percentages prescribed by the Secretary for any month shall be percentages which will yield over a 10year period amounts of credit under subsection (a) which have a present value equal to (i) 70 percent of the eligible basis of a new building, and (ii) 30 percent of the eligible basis of an existing building. (c) Qualified Distressed Area Building; Distressed Area. Paragraph (1) shall apply to rehabilitation expenditures with respect to any building only if the amount of such expenditures during any 24month period is not less than 10 percent of the adjusted basis of the building (determined as of the 1st day of such period and without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1016(a)). The amount of the credit determined under this section for any taxable year with respect to any building shall not exceed the distressed area building credit dollar amount allocated to such building under this subsection. Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B) through (F) of section 42(h)(1) shall apply for purposes of this paragraph. (A) In general. The aggregate distressed area building credit dollar amount which a credit agency may allocate for any calendar year is the portion of the State distressed area building credit ceiling allocated under this paragraph for such calendar year to such agency. (B) Possessions treated as states. (2) Existing building. The term `existing building' means any building which is not a new building. Following the close of the 1st taxable year in the credit period with respect to any qualified distressed area building, the taxpayer shall certify to the Secretary (at such time and in such form and in such manner as the Secretary prescribes) (A) the taxable year, and calendar year, in which such building was placed in service, (B) the adjusted basis and eligible basis of such building as of the close of the 1st year of the credit period, (C) the maximum applicable percentage and eligible basis permitted to be taken into account by the appropriate credit allocating agency, and (D) such other information as the Secretary may require. In the case of a failure to make the certification required by the preceding sentence on the date prescribed therefor, unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, no credit shall be allowable by reason of subsection (a) with respect to such building for any taxable year ending before such certification is made. (2) Reports to the secretary. The distressed area building credit dollar amount allocated to a building shall not exceed the amount the credit allocating agency determines is necessary for the financial feasibility of the building throughout the credit period. In making the determination under paragraph (1), the credit allocating agency shall consider (A) the sources and uses of funds and the total financing planned for the building, (B) any proceeds or receipts expected to be generated by reason of tax benefits, and (C) the percentage of the distressed area building credit dollar amount used for building costs other than the cost of intermediaries. The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: Sec.