REDUCTION IN VOLUME OF STEEL IMPORTS. (a) Reduction. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, within 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall take the necessary steps, by imposing quotas, tariff surcharges, negotiated enforceable voluntary export restraint agreements, or otherwise, to ensure that the volume of steel products imported into the United States during any month does not exceed the average volume of steel products that was imported monthly into the United States during the 36month period preceding July 1997. Within 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, through the United States Customs Service, and the Secretary of Commerce shall implement a program for administering and enforcing the restraints on imports under subsection (a). The Customs Service is authorized to refuse entry into the customs territory of the United States of any steel products that exceed the allowable levels of imports of such products. Volume of steel products for purposes of this section shall be determined on the basis of tonnage of such products. SEC. In order to obtain a steel import notification certificate, an importer shall submit to the Secretary of Commerce an application containing (A) the importer's name and address; (B) the name and address of the supplier of the goods to be imported; (C) the name and address of the producer of the goods to be imported; (D) the country of origin of the goods; (E) the country from which the goods are to be imported; (F) the United States Customs port of entry where the goods will be entered; (G) the expected date of entry of the goods into the United States; (H) a description of the goods, including the classification of such goods under the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States; (I) the quantity (in kilograms and net tons) of the goods to be imported; (J) the cost insurance freight (CIF) and free alongside ship (FAS) values of the goods to be entered; (K) whether the goods are being entered for consumption or for entry into a bonded warehouse or foreign trade zone; (L) a certification that the information furnished in the certificate application is correct; and (M) any other information the Secretary of Commerce determines to be necessary and appropriate. (3) Issuance of steel import notification certificate. The Secretary of Commerce may prescribe such rules and regulations relating to the steel import notification and monitoring program as may be necessary to carry the provisions of this section.