This Act may be cited as the Streamlining Permitting of American Energy Act of 2012. 2. Sec. 101. Permit to drill application timeline. TITLE IIADMINISTRATIVE PROTEST DOCUMENTATION REFORM Sec. Limitation on injunction and prospective relief. SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, each fiscal year, of fees collected as annual wind energy and solar energy rightofway authorization fees required under section 504(g) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the Secretary) shall establish a Federal Permit Streamlining Project (referred to in this section as the Project) in every Bureau of Land Management field office with responsibility for permitting energy projects on Federal land. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding for purposes of this section with (A) the Secretary of Agriculture; (B) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; and (C) the Chief of the Army Corps of Engineers. 7401 et seq. The Secretary of the Interior shall, when possible and practicable, encourage the use of United States workers and equipment manufactured in the United States in all construction related to mineral resource development under this Act. In this Act (1) the term covered civil action means a civil action containing a claim under section 702 of title 5, United States Code, regarding agency action (as defined for the purposes of that section) affecting a covered energy project on Federal lands of the United States; and (2) the term covered energy project means the leasing of Federal lands of the United States for the exploration, development, production, processing, or transmission of oil, natural gas, wind, or any other source of energy, and any action under such a lease, except that the term does not include any disputes between the parties to a lease regarding the obligations under such lease, including regarding any alleged breach of the lease. EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR CERTAIN CIVIL ACTIONS RELATING TO COVERED ENERGY PROJECTS. The court shall endeavor to hear and determine any covered civil action as expeditiously as possible. In any judicial review of a covered civil action, administrative findings and conclusions relating to the challenged Federal action or decision shall be presumed to be correct, and the presumption may be rebutted only by the preponderance of the evidence contained in the administrative record. Sections 504 of title 5, United States Code, and 2412 of title 28, United States Code, (together commonly called the Equal Access to Justice Act) do not apply to a covered civil action, nor shall any party in such a covered civil action receive payment from the Federal Government for their attorneys' fees, expenses, and other court costs.