SECTION 1. Congress makes the following findings: (1) According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the unemployment rate for recent veterans of military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan was 9. 4 percent in February 2013, compared with 7. (5) The information technology sector is one of the fastest growing industries, with tremendous job growth and demand for talented, qualified individuals. The information made available under paragraph (1) shall include, but not be limited to, the following: (A) Information on the civilian occupational equivalents of military occupational specialties (MOS). (C) Information on the availability and opportunities for use of educational benefits available to members of the Armed Forces, as appropriate, corresponding training, or continuing education that leads to a certification exam in order to provide a pathway to credentialing opportunities. The Secretaries of the military departments, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall, to the maximum extent practicable consistent with national security requirements, make available to accredited civilian credentialing agencies that issue certifications or licenses, upon request of such agencies, information such as military course training curricula, syllabi, and materials, levels of military advancement attained, and professional skills developed. (2) Central repository. 2015a. Civilian certifications and licenses: use of educational assistance for courses in pursuit of civilian certifications or licenses (a) Limitation on Use of Assistance. In the case of a member of the armed forces who is enrolled in an educational institution in a State for purposes of obtaining employment in an occupation or profession requiring the approval or licensure of a board or agency of that State, educational assistance specified in subsection (b) may be used by the member for a course offered by the educational institution that is a required element of the curriculum to be satisfied to obtain employment in that occupation or profession only if (1) the successful completion of the curriculum fully qualifies a student to (A) take any examination required for entry into the occupation or profession, including satisfying any State or professionally mandated programmatic and specialized accreditation requirements; and (B) be certified or licensed or meet any other academically related preconditions that are required for entry into the occupation or profession; and (2) in the case of State licensing or professionally mandated requirements for entry into the occupation or profession that require specialized accreditation, the curriculum meets the requirement for specialized accreditation through its accreditation or preaccreditation by an accrediting agency or association recognized by the Secretary of Education or designated by that State as a reliable authority as to the quality or training offered by the institution in that program. (2) Educational assistance for persons enlisting for active duty under chapter 106A of this title. REVIVAL OF PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION AND LICENSURE ADVISORY COMMITTEE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall reestablish the Professional Certification and Licensure Advisory Committee of the Department of Veterans Affairs provided for under section 3689(e) of title 38, United States Code. ; (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking and the Secretary of Defense and inserting the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Education; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: (B) The Committee shall meet with such frequency as the Committee determines appropriate.SECTION 1. Congress makes the following findings: (1) According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the unemployment rate for recent veterans of military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan was 9. 4 percent in February 2013, compared with 7. (5) The information technology sector is one of the fastest growing industries, with tremendous job growth and demand for talented, qualified individuals. The information made available under paragraph (1) shall include, but not be limited to, the following: (A) Information on the civilian occupational equivalents of military occupational specialties (MOS). (C) Information on the availability and opportunities for use of educational benefits available to members of the Armed Forces, as appropriate, corresponding training, or continuing education that leads to a certification exam in order to provide a pathway to credentialing opportunities. The Secretaries of the military departments, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall, to the maximum extent practicable consistent with national security requirements, make available to accredited civilian credentialing agencies that issue certifications or licenses, upon request of such agencies, information such as military course training curricula, syllabi, and materials, levels of military advancement attained, and professional skills developed. (2) Central repository. 2015a. Civilian certifications and licenses: use of educational assistance for courses in pursuit of civilian certifications or licenses (a) Limitation on Use of Assistance. In the case of a member of the armed forces who is enrolled in an educational institution in a State for purposes of obtaining employment in an occupation or profession requiring the approval or licensure of a board or agency of that State, educational assistance specified in subsection (b) may be used by the member for a course offered by the educational institution that is a required element of the curriculum to be satisfied to obtain employment in that occupation or profession only if (1) the successful completion of the curriculum fully qualifies a student to (A) take any examination required for entry into the occupation or profession, including satisfying any State or professionally mandated programmatic and specialized accreditation requirements; and (B) be certified or licensed or meet any other academically related preconditions that are required for entry into the occupation or profession; and (2) in the case of State licensing or professionally mandated requirements for entry into the occupation or profession that require specialized accreditation, the curriculum meets the requirement for specialized accreditation through its accreditation or preaccreditation by an accrediting agency or association recognized by the Secretary of Education or designated by that State as a reliable authority as to the quality or training offered by the institution in that program. (2) Educational assistance for persons enlisting for active duty under chapter 106A of this title. REVIVAL OF PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION AND LICENSURE ADVISORY COMMITTEE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall reestablish the Professional Certification and Licensure Advisory Committee of the Department of Veterans Affairs provided for under section 3689(e) of title 38, United States Code. ; (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking and the Secretary of Defense and inserting the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Education; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: (B) The Committee shall meet with such frequency as the Committee determines appropriate.