This Act may be cited as the United States Specialty Crop Export Opportunities Act of 2007. 2. REGULATION OF EXPORTS OF PLANTS, PLANT PRODUCTS, BIOLOGICAL CONTROL ORGANISMS, AND NOXIOUS WEEDS. S. ) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. RESTORATION OF IMPORT AND ENTRY AGRICULTURAL INSPECTION FUNCTIONS TO THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. Not later than the effective date described in subsection (g), the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into an agreement to effectuate the return of functions required by the amendments made by this section. The agreement may include authority for the Secretary of Agriculture to use employees of the Department of Homeland Security to carry out authorities delegated to the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service regarding the protection of domestic livestock and plants. In carrying out the program under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall have full access to (A) each secure area of any terminal for screening passengers or cargo under the control of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act for purposes of carrying out inspections and gathering information; and (B) each database (including any database relating to cargo manifests or employee and business records) under the control of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act for purposes of gathering information. (B) Strategic plan and training. The Secretary shall develop and maintain an integrated, realtime communication system with respect to import and entry agricultural inspections to alert State departments of agriculture of significant inspection findings of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. In establishing the committee, the Secretary shall use as a model the Agricultural Trade Advisory Committee. The committee shall be composed of members representing (I) State departments of agriculture; (II) directors of ports and airports in the United States; (III) the transportation industry; (IV) the public; and (V) such other entities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (3) Report. SEC. The Secretary of Agriculture shall establish and maintain a program of export credits that is, as nearly as may be, identical to the program administered under sections 1493. The term Uruguay Round Agreements means the agreements referred to in section 101(d) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.