SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the HIV Nondiscrimination in Travel and Immigration Act of 2007. Congress makes the following findings: (1) Under Federal immigration law, prospective immigrants, foreign students, refugees, and tourists who are infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) are prohibited from entering the United States. (3) The Secretary of Homeland Security may issue a waiver to the HIV prohibition, on a casebycase basis, only to any HIVpositive individual who (A)(i) applies for permanent admission as an immigrant; (ii) is the parent, spouse, unmarried son or daughter, or minor adopted child of a United States citizen or a permanent resident, or a refugee or asylee adjusting to immigrant status; and (iii) can establish that (I) the danger to the public health of the United States created by the applicant's admission would be minimal; (II) the possibility of the spread of the infection created by the applicant's admission would be minimal; and (III) there would be no cost incurred by any level of government agency of the United States without the prior consent of that agency; (B)(i) applies for admission as a refugee; (ii) is eligible for admission for humanitarian purposes or to assure family unity, or whose admission is otherwise in the public interest; and (iii) meets the requirements described in subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (A)(iii); or (C) applies for a shortterm nonimmigrant visa, including (i) a tourist who meets the requirements described in subclauses (I) through (III) of subparagraph (A)(iii) and intends to remain in the United States for less than 30 days; and (ii) a participant in a designated event, such as a conference or international sporting event and intends to remain in the United States for less than 10 days. (5) Section 212(a)(1)(A)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U. S. 1182(a)(1)(A)(i)) authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to prescribe regulations to determine which diseases are considered communicable diseases of public health significance that would exclude noncitizens with such diseases from entering the United States. The other countries are Armenia, Brunei, China, Iraq, Qatar, South Korea, Libya, Moldova, Oman, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, and Sudan. The 2006 Consolidated Version of the United Nation's International Guidelines on HIV/AIDS and Human Rights, produced jointly by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and UNAIDS, states There is no public health rationale for restricting liberty of movement or choice of residence on the grounds of HIV status. According to current international health regulations, the only disease which requires a certificate for international travel is yellow fever. (12) On World AIDS Day, December 1, 2006, the President proposed streamlining the current waiver process for HIV positive individuals seeking to enter the United States on shortterm business or tourist visas for up to 60 days by granting them a categorical waiver. 1182 (a)(1)(A)(i)), including (1) the results of the last analysis of the policy conducted by the Public Health Service; and (2) a 60day public comment period initiated after sufficient public notice in the Federal Register.