(4) The shortage of information technology workers transcends industries, affecting the manufacturing, service, transportation, health care, education, and government sectors. Within each sector, vacancies exist at all levels from aides and mechanics to programmers and designers. (5) The information technology worker shortage is having an adverse effect on the viability of businesses in the United States and on the Nation's competitiveness. (7) It is in the national interest to promote special initiatives which effectively educate and train our domestic workforce to keep pace with these expanding job opportunities. (8) Institutions of higher education have the capacity and resources to provide a role of oversight and technical assistance to a wide range of local entities, including communitybased organizations, participating in a comprehensive education and training program for potential technology workers. An institution of higher education shall be eligible to receive only one grant under this Act, but may, subject to the requirements of this Act, use the grant to enter into contracts with more than one communitybased organization. SEC. 4. (F) A library. ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS. An eligible individual described in this section is an individual who (1) has submitted a satisfactory application to receive postsecondary information technology education and employment procurement assistance through a project under this Act; and (2) has a certificate of graduation from a school providing secondary education, or the recognized equivalent of such a certificate. (3) With respect to each site described in paragraph (1) (A) provision of such funding for the establishment and initial operation of the site as was specified in the grant application submitted by the institution to the Secretary; (B) approval of final site selection and preparation; (C) initial orientation and training of personnel employed to manage and operate the site; (D) design and certification of the instructional and academic programs, and oversight of the implementation of the programs; (E) oversight of equipment purchases and contracts for equipment maintenance; and (F) selection of an outside contractor for periodic evaluation of the management and operation of the site. The organization shall ensure that each site offers enrollees a curriculum that includes a broad range of course work that will assist them in qualifying for employment in the field of information technology. The computer training offered shall include courses in basic computer competence, onthejob upgrade assistance, and advanced computer competence. (5) Enrollment requirements. IMPLEMENTATION OF PROJECTS SOLELY BY INSTITUTIONS. The application shall specify the institution's preliminary selections for the communitybased organizations (if any) with which the institution proposes to contract, and shall include information with respect to preliminary site selections. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $100,000,000 for fiscal year 1999 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. For purposes of this Act: (1) Adult education. The term adult education has the meaning given such term in section 312 of the Adult Education Act. (6) Museum. (7) Secretary.