(2) The littering of empty beverage containers constitutes a public nuisance, safety hazard, and aesthetic blight and imposes on public agencies, private businesses, farmers, and landowners unnecessary costs for the collection and removal of the containers. (6) Several States have previously enacted and implemented State laws designed to protect the environment, conserve energy and material resources, and promote resource recovery of waste by requiring a refund value on the sale of all beverage containers. (11) The collection of unclaimed refunds from a national system of beverage container recycling would provide the resources necessary to assist comprehensive reuse and recycling programs throughout the United States. S. 3. The term `beverage' means beer, ale, or other drink produced by fermenting malt, spirits, wine, wine coolers, soda or noncarbonated water, and all nonalcoholic carbonated or noncarbonated drinks in liquid form and intended for human consumption except for milk and dairyderived products. (A) In general. The Administrator shall promulgate regulations that define `beverage retailer' for any case in which a beverage in a beverage container is sold to a consumer through a beverage vending machine. The term `refund value' means the amount specified as the refund value of a beverage container under section 12002. SEC. Except as provided in section 12007, no beverage distributor or beverage retailer may sell or offer for sale in interstate commerce a beverage in a beverage container unless (1) in the case of wine and spirit containers, there is clearly, prominently, and securely affixed to, or printed on, the container a statement of the refund value of the container in the amount of 15 cents (as adjusted under subsection (c)); and (2) in the case of all other containers, there is clearly, prominently, and securely affixed to, or printed on, the container a statement of the refund value of the container in the amount of 5 cents (as adjusted under subsection (c)). (a) Payment by Retailer. (A) A retailer may limit the total number of beverage containers which the retailer will accept from any one consumer or other person in any one business day to 240 containers, or any other number greater than 240. If a person tenders for refund an empty and unbroken beverage container to a beverage distributor who sells (or has sold at any time during the 90day period ending on the date of tender) the same brand of beverage in the same kind and size of container, the distributor shall promptly pay the person (A) the amount of the refund value stated on the container; plus (B) an amount equal to at least 2 cents per container to help defray the cost of handling. This subsection shall not preclude any person from tendering a beverage container to a person other than a beverage distributor. At the end of each calendar year, each beverage distributor shall pay to each State an amount equal to the sum by which the total refund value of all containers sold by the distributor for resale in that State during the year exceeds the total sum paid during that year by the distributor under section 12004(b) to persons in the State. The total amount of unclaimed refunds received by any State under this section shall be available to carry out pollution prevention and recycling programs in the State. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Administrator shall promulgate regulations to carry out this subtitle. Accounting for unclaimed refunds and provisions for State recycling funds.