SECTION 1. It is the sense of the Congress that any United States national conducting a commercial cooperation project in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam should adhere to the following principles: (1) Seek to ensure that political or religious views, sex, ethnic or national background, involvement in political activities or nonviolent demonstrations, or association with suspected or known dissidents will not prohibit hiring, lead to harassment, demotion, or dismissal, or in any way affect the status or terms of employment in the commercial cooperation project. The United States national should not discriminate in terms or conditions of employment in the commercial cooperation project against former members of the armed forces of the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam), former government officials of the Republic of Vietnam, former employees of the United States Government in the Republic of Vietnam, former employees of United States Government officials in the Republic of Vietnam, former employees of United States enterprises in the Republic of Vietnam, and repatriated asylumseekers (so called boat people). (2) Ensure that methods of production used in the commercial cooperation project do not pose an unnecessary physical danger to workers and neighboring populations and property and that the commercial cooperation project does not unnecessarily risk harm to the surrounding environment. (3) Strive to use business enterprises that are not controlled by the Socialist Republic of Vietnam or its authorized agents and departments as potential partners in the commercial cooperation project. (7) Promote freedom of expression, including the freedom to seek, receive, and impart information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing or in print, in the form of art, or through any media. Each United States national conducting a commercial cooperation project in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam shall register with the Secretary of State and indicate whether the United States national agrees to implement the principles described in section 1(b). The registration requirement of subsection (a) shall take effect 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. (c) Annual Report. This report shall be submitted not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than the end of each 1year period occurring thereafter. Departments and agencies of the United States may only intercede with a foreign government or foreign national regarding export marketing activity in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam on behalf of a United States national subject to the reporting requirements of section 3(a) if that United States national adheres to the principles.