no statistical significant difference was seen in blood glucose , serum insulin , and auc for both , glucose and insulin between group 1 and group 2. trends for higher insulin resistance ( homa ir ) and lower insulin sensitivity ( wbisi ) were seen in subjects with lower serum 25(oh)d concentrations but not statistically significant. was calculated by computer based model called homeostasis assessment model ( homa ir ) utilizing fasting blood glucose and fasting serum insulin levels. although blood glucose and serum insulin levels showed inverse relationship trends with serum 25(oh)d , but these were not statistically significant ( data not shown ). serum 25(oh)d also showed significant inverse relationship with fasting serum insulin levels ( r = 0.44 , p = 0.034 ) which improved after adjusting for age , sex , and bmi ( r = 0.53 , p = 0.016 ). however , trends for higher blood glucose and serum insulin levels were seen in subjects with low serum 25(oh)d level. was calculated by computer based model called homeostasis assessment model ( homa ir ) utilizing fasting blood glucose and fasting serum insulin levels.the whole body insulin sensitivity index ( wbisi ) or matsuda index was calculated by the formula suggested by matsuda and defronzo.area under curve ( auc ) was calculated for blood glucose ( 0 , 60 , and 120 minutes ) and serum insulin ( 0 , 60 , and 120 minutes ) by using trapezoidal rule. area under curve ( auc ) was calculated for blood glucose ( 0 , 60 , and 120 minutes ) and serum insulin ( 0 , 60 , and 120 minutes ) by using trapezoidal rule.. complete blood counts , liver function tests , renal function test , serum calcium ( corrected calcium with serum albumin ) , phosphate , alkaline phosphatase , uric acid , and blood glucose were measured in all subjects with an automated chemistry analyzer ( roche hitachi 912 chemistry analyzer , gmi inc. glycosylated hemoglobin ( hba1c ) was measured in whole blood using ion exchange high performance liquid chromatography ( bio rad laboratories inc. , ca , us ).