the proportion of patients in each group is shown in figure 2 ; of the 2,744 patients who required new dialysis during icu stay , only about a third of patients ( 31.5% ) experienced greater than 3 times increase in serum creatinine prior to dialysis initiation , and a small proportion of patients ( 11.2% ) required dialysis with little or no elevation in serum creatinine ( likely for fluid electrolyte / acid base disturbances ).. the median time to initiation of dialysis in icu after icu admission was 96.0 hours ( interquartile range , 33.6 , 231.6 ) ; median time to dialysis initiation from icu admission was 72 hours in group i , 145.1 hours in group ii , 216.0 hours in group iii , and 14.6 hours in group 4. when examined from the time when patients reached their peak creatinine value to the time of dialysis initiation , the median time was 43.0 , 39.5 , and 67.4 hours in groups i , ii , and iii respectively.. figure 1 shows the percentage of patients initiating dialysis by days after icu admission.. in contrast patients in other groups , who sustained only milder or no elevation in creatinine before dialysis initiation , had significantly higher creatinine and bun levels on icu admission.. table 2 shows the frequency of admission diagnosis categories across four subgroups of patients with aki requiring dialysis. the study finds that , in patients with aki requiring dialysis , the risk of mortality is independently associated with the degree of severity of kidney injury sustained during icu stay prior to dialysis initiation and that severity of illness further influences this relationship.. the present study is one of the first reports to show that in patients who developed aki requiring dialysis , the degree of kidney injury prior to dialysis initiation determines mortality risk , after accounting other major predictors of hospital mortality. second , it indicates that the efficacy of therapeutic measures in aki requiring dialysis can not be equitably compared without accounting for both severity of illness on admission and degree of kidney injury sustained before dialysis initiation. the study also indicates that aki requiring dialysis represents a heterogeneous group of patients , and directly confirms earlier observations that only minority of these cases sustain severe kidney injury prior to dialysis initiation.