hydroxyapatite is one of the active ingredient materials that are widely used in toothpaste products for protection against teeth demineralization [ 1113 ]. the effectiveness of hydroxyapatite to protection against teeth demineralization was tested in acetate buffer ph 5.0 solutions , with 1 m of acetic acid concentration with the addition of hydroxyapatite in varying concentrations and immersion time. while figure 9(b ) shows that the surface of hydroxyapatite is smooth and nonporous , this shows that hydroxyapatite which has synthesis from crab shells can function well as inhibiting tooth demineralization. , the rate of tooth demineralization can be observed through the concentrations of ca and po4 ions in solutions where the tooth was soaked each unit of time. therefore , increase of po4 ions concentrations in solution a soaked gear can be one of indicators to measure the rate of tooth demineralization.. figure 11 shows the relationship between the soaking time of teeth versus the increase of the ion po4 levels in solution where the tooth was soaked as well ; it appears that with the increasing addition of ca10(po4)6(oh)2 into the acetate buffer equals to the rate of demineralization decrease. this proves that the ca10(po4)6(oh)2 were synthesized from the crab shell effective for protection against tooth demineralization. the decrease in the rate of tooth demineralization with the addition of ca10(po4)6(oh)2 can also be observed through analyzing the tooth mass reduction in the fifth variation of acetate buffer solution as shown in table 1.. the greater concentrations of ca10(po4)6(oh)2 in the acetate buffer solution were teeth immersed exhibit the smaller mass of teeth in the solution.. based on these results it is concluded as follows.waste of shells crabs ( portunus pelagicus ) proved to be used as raw material for the synthesis of ca10(po4)6(oh)2 due to high calcium levels which amounted to 66.62% in addition to the abundant existence as waste.the optimum temperature formation of ca10(po4)6(oh)2 is at 800c.ca10(po4)6(oh)2 were synthesized from waste of shell crabs ( portunus pelagicus ) in vitro effectively inhibiting the rate of demineralization of the tooth where the greater the addition of ca10(po4)6(oh)2 in the solution , the more the inhibiting demineralization of the tooth or the smaller the rate of tooth demineralization in solution.