iran revealed only species y , which is presumably species t ( naddaf et al. 2003 ) , however , rapd pcr analysis of same specimens revealed two distinct patterns , separating representatives of fars province from other areas ( naddaf et al. analysis of 28s d3 gene from same populations corroborated rapd results , fars province specimens showed to be identical to species u in india , while individuals from other areas exhibited heterozygocity at the only base pair position that identifies species u and t ( naddaf et al. 2010 ). fluviatilis complex in iran became complicated as the heterozygocity in 28d3 was not reflected in its2 fragment and individuals from fars province exhibited dual identity of t and u based on its2 and 28s genes , respectively ( chen et al. fluviatilis sibling species were not addressed in their study , however , k2p genetic distances between different species of culicidae were reported to be > 2%. application of dna based approaches has resolved some cryptic species in iranian complex species including an. fluviatilis , however , the identity of some members are still doubtful or were refuted later ( azari hamidian 2007 , naddaf et al. this , to great extent , is due to introduction of molecular markers such as its2 and 28s d3 genes for discriminating the members of this complex species in india ( manonmani et al. biology , variation in behaviors , and role of this species in malaria transmission in different geographical areas of iran has been extensively reviewed by others ( eshghi et al. 1976 , edalat 19971998 , hanafi bojd et al. 2012 ). all the dna samples were initially subjected to allele specific ( as)pcr based on 28s d3 gene as described by singh et al. the coi gene was amplified using universal primers , ubc6 ( 5 gga gga ttt gga aat tga tta gtt cc 3 ) and ubc9 ( 5ccc ggt aaa att aaa ata taa act tc3 ) , designed by simon et al. all the dna samples were initially subjected to allele specific ( as)pcr based on 28s d3 gene as described by singh et al.