separately , we performed an analysis of sanger registry mirnas ( 848 for homo sapiens ) in the whole blood samples , but none of the mirnas passed the fdr cutoff of 0.05.. ten mirnas passed a fdr cutoff of 0.10 , but only one ( mir129 5p , 1.57 fold higher in healthy patients , p =.000044 ) of these mirnas had consistently detectable signal across the 10 blood samples.. although we were able to detect some differences in whole blood mirna levels between healthy subjects and cad patients ( mir584 , in particular ) , our microarray data suggest that , similar to other reports , levels of mirnas in the blood are low and microarrays may lack the sensitivity to adequately identify mirnas that might serve as vascular disease biomarkers.. we found that there was no difference in whole blood mirna expression of this latter group compared to that in patients with significant cad ( not shown ) , suggesting that these mirnas are markers for vascular inflammation rather than markers specific for significant cad. we initially performed expression profiling of all small rnas ( 1770 genes , figure 1 ) in the whole blood samples.. three mirnas passed the fdr cutoff of 0.05 : mir584 ( 7.9fold higher in healthy versus cad patients , p =.000103 , t test ) , mir542 5p ( 3.9fold higher in healthy versus cad pts , p =.000168 , t test ) , and mir187 * ( 2.77fold higher in healthy versus cad pts , p = 8.1 10 , t test ).. in our qrt pcr analysis of whole blood samples from cad patients. likely reflects intracellular and extracellular mirnas levels in contrast to exclusively extracellular mirnas that would be detected in plasma.. another difference in our study is that we normalized mirna expression to expression of rnu44 , a small nucleolar rna that , based on our microarray analysis , we found to be highly and consistently expressed across blood samples from cad patients and controls.. it remains to be determined whether downregulation of mirnas in cad patients is directly involved in inflammation or a compensatory response to this process.. based on our observed changes in mirna expression in response to acei / arb therapy , we believe that circulating mirna levels reflect a compensatory response to inflammation. the present study provides insight into whole blood levels of mirnas in patients with cad compared to healthy subjects and demonstrates their potential utility as biomarkers for vascular disease.. validation of the changes in mirna expression observed here in larger studies will be a necessary step to confirm their candidacy as biomarkers and therapeutic targets.