many preclinical models have been developed , such as : hiv transgenic rat ( i.e. , tg rat from reid et al. , 2001 ) , or mice ( i.e. , gp 120 tg mice from toggas et al. , 1994 ) , but also those obtained by injection of hiv proteins ( i.e. , gp 120 from sundar et al. , 1991 ; or tat and bansal et al. , 2000 ) , or hiv infected macrophages into the brain of mice ( anderson et al. , 2003 ). this gene code for proteins possessing cytidine deaminase activity and allow the bbb to actively neutralize the effects of viral infectivity factors ( vif ) , which are essentials for viral entry and spread into the cns ( jeong et al. nk1 , also known as substance p , was the first neuropeptide discovered in 1931 , it is widely distributed in the central and peripheral nervous system where it functions as a potent mediator of immunoregulation. when there is resurgent virus replication , the balance favors neuronal death ( i.e. , via activation of jnk and p38 ) reflecting a failure to maintain homeostasis in the cns ( barber et al. , 2004 ) with the consequent motor and cognitive impairments. mgbg although ineffective in reducing hiv viremia , does appear to shut down viral evolution by selectively killing recent migrants macrophages rather than resident cells , and to be safe over the long term treatment in aids patients ( jeymohan et al. , 2009 ). this gene code for proteins possessing cytidine deaminase activity and allow the bbb to actively neutralize the effects of viral infectivity factors ( vif ) , which are essentials for viral entry and spread into the cns ( jeong et al. , 2008 ). agonists to nk1 receptor potently inhibit both in vitro and in vivo hiv replication in human macrophages , apparently down regulating ccr5 ( jeymohan et al. , 2009 ). mgbg although ineffective in reducing hiv viremia , does appear to shut down viral evolution by selectively killing recent migrants macrophages rather than resident cells , and to be safe over the long term treatment in aids patients ( jeymohan et al. , 2009 ).