these are model systems for gaining understanding of ner lesion recognition factors.. a better understanding of the mechanisms of recognition of dna lesions by the ner system may lead to the design of improved chemotherapeutic drugs that can modulate the repair response.. recent findings reveal that polymorphisms in human ner repair genes have an impact on the repair of dna lesions and cancer susceptibility [ 6 , 7 ] , as well as on chemotherapeutic efficacy.. nucleotide excision repair ( ner ) plays a central role in preserving the genome of prokaryotes and eukaryotes.. this versatile repair system removes structurally and chemically diverse bulky dna lesions , including those induced by exposure to uv light and environmental chemical carcinogens [ 1 , 2 ].. the vital importance of this mechanism is demonstrated by several human ner deficiency syndromes including xeroderma pigmentosum ( xp ) , cockayne syndrome ( cs ) , and trichothiodystrophy ( ttd ).. more generally , different lesions in varied sequence contexts will cause different kinds of distortions ; thus , the extent of the local thermodynamic destabilization will also vary ; we hypothesize that it is the extent and type of destabilization that determines the relative ner efficiency. more globally , different lesions may cause different types of distortions depending on the specific nature of the lesion and its sequence context. the ner machinery would excise a large variety of lesions with different efficiencies , by recognizing the thermodynamic impact of the lesions rather than the lesions themselves [ 24 , 29 , 41 , 73 ]. lesions that resist ner present a great hazard , as they survive to the replication step and produce a mutagenic outcome ; such ner resistant lesions provide an important opportunity for gaining further understanding of the mechanism utilized by the ner apparatus to recognize different lesions. xp , for example , is characterized by high photosensitivity , hyperpigmentation , premature skin ageing , and proneness to developing skin cancer..