a set of three markers of lv diastolic dysfunction was determined : la volume index , lv mass indexed to height to the power of 2.7 ( 14 ) , and the ratio of early ( e ) mitral valve flow to early ( e ) diastolic lengthening velocity ( e / e ) using tissue and pulsed wave doppler assessments. presence of incident lv diastolic dysfunction ( grade 2 or 3 ) was assessed according to international recommendations ( 16 ). a set of three markers of lv diastolic dysfunction was determined : la volume index , lv mass indexed to height to the power of 2.7 ( 14 ) , and the ratio of early ( e ) mitral valve flow to early ( e ) diastolic lengthening velocity ( e / e ) using tissue and pulsed wave doppler assessments. presence of incident lv diastolic dysfunction ( grade 2 or 3 ) was assessed according to international recommendations ( 16 ). every 10 kpa lower brachial artery distensibility coefficient was associated with a 0.43 ml / m higher la volume index and a 0.09 higher e / e. every 10 kpa lower femoral artery distensibility coefficient was associated with a 0.80 ml / m higher la volume index , a 0.91 g / m higher lv mass index , and a 0.09 higher e / e. these associations were independent of mean arterial pressure , except for associations with e / e. after adjustment for baseline markers of lv diastolic dysfunction , 10 kpa lower distensibility coefficients of carotid , brachial , and femoral arteries remained significantly associated with a 0.29 , 0.38 , and 0.73 ml / m higher la volume index , respectively. every 10 kpa lower brachial artery distensibility coefficient was associated with a 0.43 ml / m higher la volume index and a 0.09 higher e / e. every 10 kpa lower femoral artery distensibility coefficient was associated with a 0.80 ml / m higher la volume index , a 0.91 g / m higher lv mass index , and a 0.09 higher e / e. these associations were independent of mean arterial pressure , except for associations with e / e. after adjustment for baseline markers of lv diastolic dysfunction , 10 kpa lower distensibility coefficients of carotid , brachial , and femoral arteries remained significantly associated with a 0.29 , 0.38 , and 0.73 ml / m higher la volume index , respectively. furthermore , associations of glucose status and arterial stiffness with lv diastolic dysfunction were largely independent of each other and indicated a deterioration of lv diastolic dysfunction compared with baseline.