suggests that negative associations between n3 pufa intake and the risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma.19 higher in takes of n3 pufa [ cases vs. population controls ; or=0.46 , 95% ci=0.220.97 , 4th vs. 1st quartiles of intake ] was associated with a lower risk of barrett s esophagus. although epidemiological studies of the association between fish intake , n3 pufa intake or blood n3 pufa levels and crc risk have not consistently suggested beneficial effects of n3 pufa on crc and other gi cancer risk. suggests that negative associations between n3 pufa intake and the risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma.19 higher in takes of n3 pufa [ cases vs. population controls ; or=0.46 , 95% ci=0.220.97 , 4th vs. 1st quartiles of intake ] was associated with a lower risk of barrett s esophagus. although epidemiological studies of the association between fish intake , n3 pufa intake or blood n3 pufa levels and crc risk have not consistently suggested beneficial effects of n3 pufa on crc and other gi cancer risk. a lot of studies suggest that n3 pufa , as diet dependent factors , may be critical to preventing disease backed up with authentic antioxidative and anti inflammatory actions. pufa has been shown to exert beneficial effects on some chronic degenerative diseases such as cardiovascular disease,2,3 rheumatoid arthritis,4 diabetes,5 other autoimmune diseases,6,7 and cancer.8,9 increased fat consumption by western diet has been associated with the development of cancer such as breast , colon , pancreatic , and prostate cancers with the notable exception of n3 pufa , which show to have multiple beneficial anti tumor actions that affect the essential alterations that dictate malignant growth in a number of studies.10 a diet rich in n3 pufa may protect from cancer , at least at certain sites. studies on the fatty acid status of patients with several cancer types including bladder , pancreatic , lung and esophageal cancer show low concentrations of plasma phospholipid n3 pufa , ranging from 55 to 88% of amounts in healthy individuals.1113 recent studies have found a positive association between n6 pufa and cancer risk , whereas in the same model , n3 pufa were shown to reduce the development of cancer.