our primary objective was to evaluate the influence of serum levels of staphylococcal toxin specific ige antibodies and their association with asthma severity , meaning that this was not a population prevalence study of ige sensitization in asthma patients and healthy individuals in our region. bachert et al. found a significant increase in staphylococcal toxin specific ige antibodies in patients with severe asthma when compared with those with mild asthma and controls ( n = 70 ). in one study , bachert et al. found a 38.1% prevalence of positivity for staphylococcal toxin specific ige antibodies in patients with asthma ( independently of disease severity ) and a 62% prevalence in patients with severe asthma ; in another study , they found a 59.6% prevalence in patients with severe uncontrolled asthma and a 40.8% prevalence in patients with controlled asthma , the latter prevalence being closer to that found in the present study.. aureus , such as sinonasal polyposis , bronchiectasis , chronic bronchitis , and atopic dermatitis , were not included in the present study. in asthma patients. therefore , we investigated a population of asthma patients treated at a university hospital in the city of rio de janeiro , brazil , and having no risk factors for increased staphylococcal colonization or infection in order to correlate the clinical severity of asthma with the presence of staphylococcal toxin specific ige antibodies and degree of ige mediated sensitization. our finding of a higher prevalence of rhinitis in the ma group suggests that atopy was more common in the ma group than in the msa group , supporting the concept that atopic manifestations tend to be less common in asthma patients with disease that is more severe. by facilitating colonization or infection with s. aureus , the aforementioned conditions can lead to increased quantities of staphylococcal toxins in the body , resulting in increased ige mediated sensitization and , consequently , a heterogeneous population of asthma patients.