protection level consists of a code number ( e.g. , 4 ) for ir filters and a shade number ( e.g. , 3 , 5 , 7 ) calculated according to the following equation : ( 1 ) where v = luminous transmittance. the selection of filter protection level is dependent on the temperature of the radiation source. luminous transmittance ( v ) , ir transmittance within the 7801400 nm range ( a ) , ir transmittance within the 7802000 nm range ( n ) , ir reflectance within the 7802000 nm range ( r n ) , ir absorptance within the 7802000 nm range ( a n ) , the level of protection ( shade number ) is determined on the basis of luminous transmittance ( the higher protection level correlates with the higher level of ir radiation blocked and appropriately lower vis light transmittance ). for instance , the mean value of ir transmittance within the 7802000 nm range for interference filters with protection level 4 5 ( one of the most common protection levels used in the metallurgic industry ) equals 0.006% and is significantly lower than the maximum acceptable value specified in , which is 10.6%. transmittance and reflectance characteristics of the studied filters.note : cu 4 3 = metallic reflective filter ; itf 4 3 = interference filter ; cu 4 5 = metallic reflective filter ; itf 4 5 = interference filter ; cu 4 7 = metallic reflective filter ; itf 4 7 = interference filter.. table 2 presents the values of coefficients determined on the basis of equations ( 3)(6 ).. worksites in glass and metal works , foundries , rolling mills , in the vicinity of hardening furnaces , rotary kilns in the cement industry , high temperature laboratory furnaces , as well as firefighting , are associated , in addition to common mechanical hazards ( e.g. , due to splashes of molten metals and slag ) , sparks and direct contact with open fires , with hazards caused by emission of harmful optic radiation within the visible ( vis ) and infrared ( ir ) spectrum range. excessive exposure to ir radiation leads to dryness of the mucous membranes , burns of the eyeball and development of cataracts.