in hpvpdb , along with updated protein sequence information , genome and protein structure information is also provided. in hpvpdb , along with updated protein sequence information , genome and protein structure information is also provided. , protein sequence information ( amino acid sequences with ncbi accession number with provision for direct protein blast against ncbi nr database ) , protein parameters ( length , molecular weight , theoretical isoelectric point [ pi ] , amino acid composition , etc. ) , protein structure ( predicted 3d structure by homology modeling viewed by jmol ( available from http://www.jmol.org/ ) with the java platform , ramachandran plot obtained by procheck and z score and energy plot obtained by prosa web. hpvpdb platform also provides a phylogeny analysis tool to perform multiple sequence alignment and phylogenetic tree construction of selected hpv proteins using the phylogeny. , protein sequence information ( amino acid sequences with ncbi accession number with provision for direct protein blast against ncbi nr database ) , protein parameters ( length , molecular weight , theoretical isoelectric point [ pi ] , amino acid composition , etc. ) , protein structure ( predicted 3d structure by homology modeling viewed by jmol ( available from http://www.jmol.org/ ) with the java platform , ramachandran plot obtained by procheck and z score and energy plot obtained by prosa web. hpvpdb platform also provides a phylogeny analysis tool to perform multiple sequence alignment and phylogenetic tree construction of selected hpv proteins using the phylogeny. modeller9v10 and the swiss model server were used for protein structure prediction. modeller9v10 and the swiss model server were used for protein structure prediction. i d , associated disease information with references , genome statistics ( gc% , at% , a , t , g , c count , genes , and proteins ) , etc. , were curated from various online resources , and protein parameters ( length , molecular weight , isoelectric point ) were calculated using expasy protparam.