During the 3year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a quarterly report regarding the loan programs carried out under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)), which shall include (A) for the fiscal year during which the report is submitted and the 3 fiscal years before such fiscal year (i) the weekly total dollar amount of business loans; (ii) the weekly total dollar amount of cancellations; (iii) the weekly net dollar amount of business loans (I) for all business loans; and (II) for each category of loan amount described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 7(a)(18) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(18)); (B) for the fiscal year during which the report is submitted (i) the amount of remaining authority for business loans, in dollar amount and as a percentage; and (ii) estimates of the date on which the net dollar amount of business loans will reach the maximum for such business loans based on daily net lending volume and extrapolations based on year to date net lending volume, quarterly net lending volume, and quarterly growth trends; (C) the number of early defaults (as determined by the Administrator) during the quarter covered by the report; (D) the total amount paid by borrowers in early default during the quarter covered by the report, as of the time of purchase of the guarantee; (E) the number of borrowers in early default that are franchisees; (F) the total amount of guarantees purchased by the Administrator during the quarter covered by the report; and (G) a description of the actions the Administrator is taking to combat early defaults administratively and any legislative action the Administrator recommends to address early defaults. In this subsection (A) the term Administrator means the Administrator of the Small Business Administration; (B) the term business loan means a loan made or guaranteed under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)); (C) the term cancellation means that the Administrator approves a proposed business loan, but the prospective borrower determines not to take the business loan; and (D) the term net dollar amount of business loans means the difference between the total dollar amount of business loans and the total dollar amount of cancellations. If the President's budget for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the program established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of clause (i) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. This Act may be cited as the Veterans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. SEC.