The PLA seeks the capability to deter Taiwan independence and influence Taiwan to settle the dispute on Beijing's terms. In this report, the Department of Defense also concludes that, over the next decade, China's air force will remain primarily focused on building the capabilities required to pose a credible military threat to Taiwan and U.S. forces in East Asia, deter Taiwan independence, or influence Taiwan to settle the dispute on Beijing's terms. (1) The Department of Defense, in its 2011 report to Congress on Military and Security Developments Involving the People's Republic of China, found that China continued modernizing its military in 2010, with a focus on Taiwan contingencies, even as crossStrait relations improved. It is the sense of Congress that (1) a critical element to maintaining peace and stability in Asia in the face of China's twodecadelong program of military modernization and expansion of military capabilities is ensuring a militarily strong and confident Taiwan; (2) a Taiwan that is confident in its ability to deter Chinese aggression will increase its ability to proceed in developing peaceful relations with China in areas of mutual interest; (3) the crossStrait military balance between China and our longstanding strategic partner, Taiwan, has clearly shifted in China's favor; (4) China's military expansion poses a clear and present danger to Taiwan, and this threat has very serious implications for the ability of the United States to fulfill its security obligations to allies in the region and protect our vital United States national interests in East Asia; (5) Taiwan's air force continues to deteriorate, and it needs additional advanced multirole fighter aircraft in order to modernize its fleet and maintain a sufficient selfdefense capability; (6) the United States has a statutory obligation under the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) to provide Taiwan the defense articles necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain sufficient selfdefense capabilities, in furtherance of maintaining peace and stability in the western Pacific region; (7) in order to comply with the Taiwan Relations Act, the United States must provide Taiwan with additional advanced multirole fighter aircraft, as well as significant upgrades to Taiwan's existing fleet of multirole fighter aircraft; and (8) the proposed sale of F16C/D multirole fighter aircraft to Taiwan would have significant economic benefits to the United States economy. (2) The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) conducted a preliminary assessment of the status and capabilities of Taiwan's air force in an unclassified report, dated January 21, 2010. The DIA found that, [a]lthough Taiwan has nearly 400 combat aircraft in service, far fewer of these are operationally capable. The report concluded, Many of Taiwan's fighter aircraft are close to or beyond service life, and many require extensive maintenance support.