Section 438(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(a)(2)) is amended (1) by striking and at the end of subparagraph (A); (2) by adding and at the end of subparagraph (B); and (3) by adding at the end the following: (C) to educate and train child welfare and court staff, including judges, social workers, court appointed special advocates, and attorneys to assist alien children in achieving special immigrant juvenile status, lawful permanent resident status, and other forms of relief under immigration law in a timely manner;. Sect. 471(a)(27) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(27)) is amended by inserting , and if the child is an alien without a lawful immigration status, for reviewing the child's eligibility for special immigrant juvenile status, lawful permanent resident status, and other forms of relief under immigration law, within 1 year after the status of the child is first reviewed pursuant to section 475(5)(B), and annually thereafter, and for assisting the child in applying for special immigrant juvenile status, lawful permanent resident status, and other forms of relief under immigration law, so that the child can reasonably be expected to achieve such relief before exiting foster care, if doing so would be in the best interests of the child before the period. In the case of an alien child who, after a review conducted pursuant to section 471(a)(27), is determined to be a child who may qualify for special immigrant juvenile status, lawful permanent resident status, or other forms of relief under immigration law, documentation of the steps the agency is taking in assisting the child to obtain the status before exiting foster care, including whether the requisite petitions have been filed on behalf of the child, and whether assistance has been provided to secure immigration legal counsel for the child. Section 475(5)(C)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(5)(C)(i)) is amended by inserting , and, in the case of an alien child without lawful immigration status, the hearing shall determine whether a petition for special immigrant juvenile status or lawful permanent resident status has been filed on behalf of the child and, if such a petition has not been so filed, whether it is in the best interests of the child, including consideration of the potential effects on family reunification efforts, to have such a petition so filed or to have immigration counsel appointed before the semicolon at the end. Section 403(b) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: (3) Exception for individuals who have obtained special immigrant juvenile status. An alien who is granted special immigrant juvenile status under section 101(a)(27)(J) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)). Section 402 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1612) is amended (A) in subsection (a)(2), by adding at the end the following: (N) Exception for individuals who have obtained special immigrant juvenile status.