For purposes of subparagraph (A), a project is assisted under a specified HUD program if such project was financed by a loan or mortgage which (i) is insured or held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under section 221(d)(3) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715l(d)(3)) and bears interest at a rate determined under the proviso of section 221(d)(5) of such Act, (ii) is insured, assisted, or held by such Secretary or a State or State agency under section 236 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z1), (iii) is insured or held by such Secretary under section 221(d)(3) of such Act and receiving assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), or (iv) is insured or held by such Secretary under section 221(d)(4) of the National Housing Act. Except as provided in clause (ii), notwithstanding an increase in the income of the occupants of a lowincome unit above the income limitation applicable under subparagraph (A)(ii), such unit shall continue to be treated as a lowincome unit if the income of such occupants initially met such income limitation. If the income of the occupants of the unit increases above 140 percent of the income limitation applicable under subparagraph (A)(ii), clause (i) shall cease to apply to any such unit if any residential unit in the project (of a size comparable to, or smaller than, such unit) is occupied by a new resident whose income exceeds such income limitation. In the case of a project described in section 142(d)(4)(B), the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting `170 percent' for `140 percent' and by substituting `any lowincome unit in the project is occupied by a new resident whose income exceeds 40 percent of area median gross income' for `any residential unit in the project (of a size comparable to, or smaller than, such unit) is occupied by a new resident whose income exceeds such income limitation'. For purposes of this section, the term `qualified lowincome housing project' means any project for residential rental property if (i) such project is assisted under a specified HUD program, (ii) 50 percent or more of the residential units in such project (I) in the case of a project described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (C), are occupied by individuals whose income (at the time of their initial occupancy in such project) was less than 80 percent of the area median gross income (as of such time), or (II) in the case of a project described in clause (iii) or (iv) of subparagraph (C), are units with respect to which rental assistance is provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), (iii) such project was originally placed in service at least 10 years before the taxpayer acquired an interest in such project, (iv) such project is substantially rehabilitated, (v) the taxpayer acquired such taxpayer's interest in such project by purchase, and (vi) such project was not previously placed in service by the taxpayer or by any person who was a related person (as defined in section 42(d)(2)(D)(iii)) with respect to the taxpayer as of the time previously placed in service. A project shall not be treated as a qualified lowincome housing project if the taxpayer (or any other person holding an interest in such project) claims any benefits with respect to such project under (i) section 42 (relating to lowincome housing credit), (ii) section 47 (relating to rehabilitation credit), (iii) the LowIncome Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.), or (iv) the Emergency LowIncome Housing Preservation Act of 1987 pursuant to section 604 of the CranstonGonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 4101 note). For purposes of subparagraph (A), a project is substantially rehabilitated if the amount of the rehabilitation expenditures with respect to such project during the 24month period beginning on the date the taxpayer acquired his interest in such project equals or exceeds 10 percent of the aggregate adjusted bases (as of the beginning of such 24month period) of the residential rental property which is part of such project.