Section 320A(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d8(b)) is amended by (1) striking , or to increase and inserting , to increase; and (2) striking the period and inserting the following , or to provide training to improve competency and clinical skills in providing oral health services to, and communicating with, patients with disabilities, including those with intellectual disabilities. To be eligible to receive a payment under this section, a children's hospital shall provide training to improve competency and clinical skills in providing health care to, and communicating with, patients with disabilities, including those with intellectual disabilities, as part of any approved graduate medical residency training program provided by the hospital. Section 736(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293(b)) is amended (1) in paragraph (6)(B), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: (7) to carry out a program to improve competency and clinical skills of students in providing health services to, and communicating with, patients with disabilities, including those with intellectual disabilities; and. and inserting the following: pediatric dentistry; and (7) to plan, develop, and operate a program for the training of physicians or dentists, or medical or dental residents, to improve competency and clinical skills of physicians and dentists in providing services to, and communicating with, patients with disabilities, including those with intellectual disabilities. Section 762(a)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294o(a)(1)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) by adding at the end the following: (G) appropriate efforts to be carried out by hospitals, schools of medicine, schools of osteopathic medicine, schools of dentistry, and accrediting bodies with respect to changes in undergraduate and graduate medical training to improve competency and clinical skills of physicians in providing health care services to, and communicating with, patients with disabilities, including those with intellectual disabilities; and. To be eligible to receive a payment under this subsection, a hospital shall provide training to improve competency and clinical skills in providing health care to, and communicating with, patients with disabilities, including those with intellectual disabilities, as part of any approved medical residency training program provided by the hospital. The standards shall ensure that such equipment is accessible to, and usable by, individuals with disabilities, and shall allow independent entry to, use of, and exit from the equipment by such individuals to the maximum extent possible.