Section 134(b) (20 U.S.C. 2354(b)) is amended (1) in paragraph (11), by striking and after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (12) by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (13) describe how the eligible recipient will partner with business and industry to (A) identify opportunities for experiential and workbased learning opportunities either inperson or virtually; (B) ensure career and technical education programs of study are responsive to community and employment demands and are (i) aligned with employment priorities in the State, regional, or local economy identified by employers and other relevant stakeholders identified in section 134(b)(5); (ii) informed by labor market information; and (iii) designed to meet current, intermediate, and long term labor market projections; (C) ensure funding under this Act is spent in a coordinated manner with other local resources. Section 124(b) (20 U.S.C. 2341(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (8), by striking and after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (9) by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (10) establishing statewide credit transfer agreements aligned to approved career and technical education programs of study. Section 1502(a) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6492(a)) is amended by striking challenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards and inserting rigorous, Stateidentified college and career readiness standards that address both academic content and career and technical education content identified under section 113(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. The term `career and technical education program of study' means a coordinated, nonduplicative sequence of secondary and postsecondary academic and technical courses that (A) contain rigorous, Stateidentified college and career readiness standards that address both academic and technical content and align to local, regional, or State labor market needs, as identified by employers and labor market information; (B) support attainment of career readiness skills; (C) progress in content specificity (beginning with all aspects of an industry or career cluster leading to more occupationally specific instruction); (D) incorporate multiple entry and exit points with portable demonstrations of technical competency, which may include postsecondary education credits as recognized by credit transfer or articulation agreements or industryrecognized credentials; and (E) culminate in the attainment of an industry recognized credential, an apprenticeship or postsecondary certificate, or an associate or baccalaureate degree. Section 114(d)(4)(A) (20 U.S.C. 2324) is amended (1) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (v); (2) in clause (iii), by striking and after the semicolon; and (3) by inserting after clause (iii) the following: (iv) to engage in evaluation and technical assistance activities that will assist in (I) collecting information on the industryrecognized credentials awarded to participants in career and technical education programs of study, including (aa) the name of such industryrecognized credentials; (bb) the awarding body; (cc) the duration of the program of study for the credential; and (dd) the number of such participants receiving the credential; and (II) developing the necessary infrastructure to support the State and local reporting of information described in subclause (I), including through activities such as establishing (aa) data sharing agreements with State licensing agencies and with industry associations and employers who award certifications or other industryrecognized credentials; (bb) a consistent reporting method across States; and (cc) a collection system to process reports in a timely fashion; and. SEC. SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.