Section 525(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360aa(a)) is amended (1) in the first sentence, by striking States and inserting States, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; (2) in the second sentence, by striking States and inserting States, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs; and (3) by striking such disease or condition each place it appears and inserting such disease or condition, or treatment of such addiction,. Section 526(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bb(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (1) (A) by inserting before the period in the first sentence the following: , or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs; (B) in the third sentence, by striking rare disease or condition and inserting rare disease or condition, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; (C) by striking such disease or condition, and inserting such disease or condition, or treatment of such addiction,; and (D) by striking such disease or condition. and inserting such disease or condition, or treatment of such addiction.; and (2) in paragraph (2) (A) by striking (2) For and inserting (2)(A) For; (B) by striking (A) affects and inserting (i) affects; (C) by striking (B) affects and inserting (ii) affects; and (D) by adding at the end the following: (B) For purposes of this subchapter, the term `treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs' means treatment by any pharmacological agent or medication that (i) reduces the craving for an illegal drug for an individual who (I) habitually uses the illegal drug in a manner that endangers the public health, safety, or welfare; or (II) is so addicted to the use of the illegal drug that the individual is not able to control the addiction through the exercise of selfcontrol; (ii) blocks the behavioral and physiological effects of an illegal drug for an individual described in clause (i); (iii) safely serves as a replacement therapy for the treatment of abuse of an illegal drug for an individual described in clause (i); (iv) moderates or eliminates the process of withdrawal from an illegal drug for an individual described in clause (i); (v) blocks or reverses the toxic effect of an illegal drug on an individual described in clause (i); or (vi) prevents, where possible, the initiation of abuse of an illegal drug in individuals at high risk. Section 527 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360cc) is amended (1) in subsection (a), by striking rare disease or condition, and inserting rare disease or condition, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; (2) in subsection (b), by striking rare disease or condition and inserting rare disease or condition, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; (3) by striking such disease or condition each place it appears and inserting such disease or condition, or treatment of such addiction,; and (4) in subsection (b)(1), by striking the disease or condition and inserting the disease, condition, or addiction. The term `illegal drug' means a controlled substance identified under schedules I, II, III, IV, and V in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). Section 528 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360dd) is amended (1) by striking rare disease or condition and inserting rare disease or condition, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; and (2) by striking the disease or condition each place it appears and inserting the disease, condition, or addiction. Section 736(a)(1)(E) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379h(a)(1)(E)) is amended (1) in the subparagraph heading, by striking orphan; (2) by striking for a rare disease or condition each place it appears and inserting for a rare disease or condition, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; and (3) in the first sentence, by striking rare disease or condition.