This Act may be cited as the Gulf Security and Iran Sanctions Enforcement Act. Reg. 49079; relating to blocking property and prohibiting transacting with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); (ii) any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to Executive Order 13382 (70 Fed. SECTION 1. The Secretary of the Interior shall (1) include in each lease issued after the date of enactment of this Act that authorizes drilling for oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf a provision that requires that (A) the person that is the lessee to certify annually to the Secretary that the person does not engage in any activity for which sanctions may be imposed under section 5 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note); and (B) authorizes the Secretary to cancel the lease if the person fails to make such a certification or makes such a certification that is false; and (2) upon determination by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury, that the person has failed to make a certification required under such provision or made such a certification that is false, shall cancel the lease. In this section (1) the term appropriate congressional committees means (A) the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the term person has the meaning given such term in section 14(14) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note). This Act shall terminate 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Congress that the Government of Iran (1) has permanently ceased (A) providing support for acts of international terrorism and no longer satisfies the requirements for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other provision of law; and (B) the pursuit, acquisition, and development of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons and missiles; and (2) poses no significant threat to United States national security, interests, or allies. SHORT TITLE.