In this section (1) the term `cost' has the meaning given that term in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a); (2) the term `eligible professional' means (A) a physician (as defined in section 1861(r) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(r))); (B) a practitioner described in section 1842(b)(18)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(b)(18)(C)); (C) a physical or occupational therapist; (D) a qualified speechlanguage pathologist (as defined in section 1861(ll)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(ll)(4)(A)); (E) a qualified audiologist (as defined in section 1861(ll)(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(ll)(4)(B)); (F) a qualified medical transcriptionist; (G) a Statelicensed pharmacist; (H) a Statelicensed supplier of durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, or supplies; and (I) a Statelicensed, a Statecertified, or a nationally accredited home health care provider; (3) the term `health information technology' (A) means computer hardware, software, and related technology that (i) supports the requirements for being treated as a meaningful EHR user (as described in section 1848(o)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w4(o)(2)(A))) and is purchased by an eligible professional to aid in the provision of health care in a health care setting, including electronic medical records; and (ii) provides for (I) enhancement of continuity of care for patients through electronic storage, transmission, and exchange of relevant personal health data and information, such as ensuring that this information is accessible at the times and places where clinical decisions will be or are likely to be made; (II) enhancement of communication between patients and health care providers; (III) improvement of quality measurement by eligible professionals enabling the eligible professionals to collect, store, measure, and report on the processes and outcomes of individual and population performance and quality of care; (IV) improvement of evidence based decision support; or (V) enhancement of consumer and patient empowerment; and (B) does not include information technology the sole use of which is financial management, maintenance of inventory of basic supplies, or appointment scheduling; (4) the term `qualified eligible professional' means an eligible professional whose office is a small business concern; and (5) the term `qualified medical transcriptionist' means a specialist in medical language and the healthcare documentation process who (A) interprets and transcribes dictation by physicians and other healthcare professionals to ensure accurate, complete, and consistent documentation of healthcare encounters; and (B) is certified by or registered with the Association for Healthcare Documentation Integrity, or a successor association thereto. The maximum amount of loan principal guaranteed under this subsection may not be more than (A) $350,000 with respect to any 1 qualified eligible professional; and (B) $2,000,000 with respect to 1 group of affiliated qualified eligible professionals. SECTION 1. The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended (1) by redesignating section 44 as section 45; and (2) by inserting after section 43 the following: SEC. Except as otherwise provided in this section, a loan guaranteed under this section shall be made on the same terms and conditions as a loan made under section 7(a). SHORT TITLE. This Act may be cited as the Small Business Health Information Technology Financing Act of 2009.