(5) Some States have chosen to limit services provided to special needs adopted children who are not eligible for adoption assistance under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act, in effect discriminating against a child whose parental rights have been terminated by basing the child's eligibility for such assistance on the financial status of adults who are no longer the child's legal parents. 3. PROMOTION OF ADOPTION OF CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. (3) In 2003, the Adoption Promotion Act (Public Law 108 145, 117 Stat. 1879), which reauthorized the incentive program, gave greater emphasis on moving older children into permanency. Section 473(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: (2)(A) For purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(ii), a child meets the requirements of this paragraph if the child (i)(I) at the time of termination of parental rights, was in the care of a public or licensed private child placement agency or Indian tribal organization pursuant to a voluntary placement agreement, relinquishment, or involuntary removal of the child from the home, and the State has determined, pursuant to criteria established by the State, that continuation in the home would be contrary to the safety or welfare of the child; (II) meets all medical or disability requirements of title XVI with respect to eligibility for supplemental security income benefits; or (III) was residing in a foster family home or child care institution with a minor parent of the child pursuant to a voluntary placement agreement, relinquishment, or involuntary removal of the child from the home, and the State has determined, pursuant to criteria established by the State, that continuation in the home would be contrary to the safety or welfare of the child; and (ii) has been determined by the State, pursuant to subsection (c), to be a child with special needs, which needs shall be considered by the State, together with the circumstances of the adopting parents, in determining the amount of any payments to be made to the adoptive parents. SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. This Act may be cited as the Adoption Equality Act of 2007.