SECTION 1. 2. AUTHORITY TO WAIVE RECOUPMENT UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM OF TOBACCORELATED FUNDS. 1396b(d)(3)) is amended (1) by inserting (A) before The; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (B) Subparagraph (A) and paragraph (2)(B) shall not apply to any amount recovered or paid to a State as part of the comprehensive settlement of November 1998 between manufacturers of tobacco products (as defined in section 5702(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) and States, or as part of any individual State settlement or judgment reached in litigation initiated or pursued by a State against one or more such manufacturers, if the Secretary finds that the following conditions are met: (i) Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to any fiscal year, the State demonstrates, through a plan submitted to, and approved by, the Secretary, that 50 percent of amounts so recovered or paid (in this subparagraph referred to as the `Federal share') during the fiscal year shall be expended consistent with the following: (I) At least 35 percent of the Federal share shall be expended on one or more of the tobacco use prevention programs described in subparagraph (D). (ii) With respect to any fiscal year (I) the level of funds expended by the State (determined without regard to any portion of the Federal share expended by the State) for any program on which a portion of the Federal share is to be expended is not less than the level of funds expended by the State during the most recent State fiscal year ending before the date on which the State first recovered or received any funds pursuant to a settlement or judgment described in this subparagraph; and (II) an amount equal to the Federal share is used to supplement and not supplant the level of funds expended by the State for any such program during such State fiscal year. (C) If any State can demonstrate to the Secretary that the Federal share of the total amount expended by the State under this title to treat tobaccoinduced illnesses is less than 50 percent of the total amount recovered or paid to the State as a result of a settlement or judgment described in subparagraph (B), clause (i) of that subparagraph shall be applied by substituting for `50 percent' the percentage so demonstrated by the State. (iii) Schoolbased tobacco use prevention programs. (iv) Maternal and child health services provided under title V. ). (vii) Stateinitiated programs approved by the Secretary to (I) make health insurance available to the uninsured; (II) provide health services to the underserved or uninsured; (III) reduce public health risks; or (IV) support medical research and expand access to clinical trials for individuals with serious illnesses.SECTION 1. 2. AUTHORITY TO WAIVE RECOUPMENT UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM OF TOBACCORELATED FUNDS. 1396b(d)(3)) is amended (1) by inserting (A) before The; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (B) Subparagraph (A) and paragraph (2)(B) shall not apply to any amount recovered or paid to a State as part of the comprehensive settlement of November 1998 between manufacturers of tobacco products (as defined in section 5702(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) and States, or as part of any individual State settlement or judgment reached in litigation initiated or pursued by a State against one or more such manufacturers, if the Secretary finds that the following conditions are met: (i) Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to any fiscal year, the State demonstrates, through a plan submitted to, and approved by, the Secretary, that 50 percent of amounts so recovered or paid (in this subparagraph referred to as the `Federal share') during the fiscal year shall be expended consistent with the following: (I) At least 35 percent of the Federal share shall be expended on one or more of the tobacco use prevention programs described in subparagraph (D). (ii) With respect to any fiscal year (I) the level of funds expended by the State (determined without regard to any portion of the Federal share expended by the State) for any program on which a portion of the Federal share is to be expended is not less than the level of funds expended by the State during the most recent State fiscal year ending before the date on which the State first recovered or received any funds pursuant to a settlement or judgment described in this subparagraph; and (II) an amount equal to the Federal share is used to supplement and not supplant the level of funds expended by the State for any such program during such State fiscal year. (C) If any State can demonstrate to the Secretary that the Federal share of the total amount expended by the State under this title to treat tobaccoinduced illnesses is less than 50 percent of the total amount recovered or paid to the State as a result of a settlement or judgment described in subparagraph (B), clause (i) of that subparagraph shall be applied by substituting for `50 percent' the percentage so demonstrated by the State. (iii) Schoolbased tobacco use prevention programs. (iv) Maternal and child health services provided under title V. ). (vii) Stateinitiated programs approved by the Secretary to (I) make health insurance available to the uninsured; (II) provide health services to the underserved or uninsured; (III) reduce public health risks; or (IV) support medical research and expand access to clinical trials for individuals with serious illnesses.SECTION 1. 2. AUTHORITY TO WAIVE RECOUPMENT UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM OF TOBACCORELATED FUNDS. 1396b(d)(3)) is amended (1) by inserting (A) before The; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (B) Subparagraph (A) and paragraph (2)(B) shall not apply to any amount recovered or paid to a State as part of the comprehensive settlement of November 1998 between manufacturers of tobacco products (as defined in section 5702(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) and States, or as part of any individual State settlement or judgment reached in litigation initiated or pursued by a State against one or more such manufacturers, if the Secretary finds that the following conditions are met: (i) Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to any fiscal year, the State demonstrates, through a plan submitted to, and approved by, the Secretary, that 50 percent of amounts so recovered or paid (in this subparagraph referred to as the `Federal share') during the fiscal year shall be expended consistent with the following: (I) At least 35 percent of the Federal share shall be expended on one or more of the tobacco use prevention programs described in subparagraph (D). (ii) With respect to any fiscal year (I) the level of funds expended by the State (determined without regard to any portion of the Federal share expended by the State) for any program on which a portion of the Federal share is to be expended is not less than the level of funds expended by the State during the most recent State fiscal year ending before the date on which the State first recovered or received any funds pursuant to a settlement or judgment described in this subparagraph; and (II) an amount equal to the Federal share is used to supplement and not supplant the level of funds expended by the State for any such program during such State fiscal year. (C) If any State can demonstrate to the Secretary that the Federal share of the total amount expended by the State under this title to treat tobaccoinduced illnesses is less than 50 percent of the total amount recovered or paid to the State as a result of a settlement or judgment described in subparagraph (B), clause (i) of that subparagraph shall be applied by substituting for `50 percent' the percentage so demonstrated by the State. (iii) Schoolbased tobacco use prevention programs. (iv) Maternal and child health services provided under title V. ). (vii) Stateinitiated programs approved by the Secretary to (I) make health insurance available to the uninsured; (II) provide health services to the underserved or uninsured; (III) reduce public health risks; or (IV) support medical research and expand access to clinical trials for individuals with serious illnesses.SECTION 1. 2. AUTHORITY TO WAIVE RECOUPMENT UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM OF TOBACCORELATED FUNDS. 1396b(d)(3)) is amended (1) by inserting (A) before The; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (B) Subparagraph (A) and paragraph (2)(B) shall not apply to any amount recovered or paid to a State as part of the comprehensive settlement of November 1998 between manufacturers of tobacco products (as defined in section 5702(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) and States, or as part of any individual State settlement or judgment reached in litigation initiated or pursued by a State against one or more such manufacturers, if the Secretary finds that the following conditions are met: (i) Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to any fiscal year, the State demonstrates, through a plan submitted to, and approved by, the Secretary, that 50 percent of amounts so recovered or paid (in this subparagraph referred to as the `Federal share') during the fiscal year shall be expended consistent with the following: (I) At least 35 percent of the Federal share shall be expended on one or more of the tobacco use prevention programs described in subparagraph (D). (ii) With respect to any fiscal year (I) the level of funds expended by the State (determined without regard to any portion of the Federal share expended by the State) for any program on which a portion of the Federal share is to be expended is not less than the level of funds expended by the State during the most recent State fiscal year ending before the date on which the State first recovered or received any funds pursuant to a settlement or judgment described in this subparagraph; and (II) an amount equal to the Federal share is used to supplement and not supplant the level of funds expended by the State for any such program during such State fiscal year. (C) If any State can demonstrate to the Secretary that the Federal share of the total amount expended by the State under this title to treat tobaccoinduced illnesses is less than 50 percent of the total amount recovered or paid to the State as a result of a settlement or judgment described in subparagraph (B), clause (i) of that subparagraph shall be applied by substituting for `50 percent' the percentage so demonstrated by the State. (iii) Schoolbased tobacco use prevention programs. (iv) Maternal and child health services provided under title V. ). (vii) Stateinitiated programs approved by the Secretary to (I) make health insurance available to the uninsured; (II) provide health services to the underserved or uninsured; (III) reduce public health risks; or (IV) support medical research and expand access to clinical trials for individuals with serious illnesses.