SECTION 1. ) currently limits coverage of children under that program to children whose family income does not exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line or 50 percentage points above the State's medicaid applicable income level. (2) Three million uninsured children (over 1 of every 4 such children) have family incomes that exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line, and 1,400,000 of those uninsured children would be provided health insurance coverage if the income eligibility level for SCHIP were increased to 300 percent of the Federal poverty line. 3. (a) Definition of LowIncome Child. Section 2110(c)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. A State may elect through a plan amendment to apply subparagraph (A) as if `300 percent' were substituted for `200 percent'. Title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U. ) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. The State submits to the Secretary a certification by the chief executive officer of the State that, during the fiscal year, the State child health plan (whether implemented under title XIX or under this title) will have an income standard for children that is at least (A) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(1), 250 percent of the poverty line; and (B) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(2), 300 percent of the poverty line. (2) Submission of information required for certain uses of the additional allotment. The allotments setaside under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year for any State that has not met the requirements of subsection (a) on January 1 of that fiscal year shall be returned to the Treasury. (2) The State provides assurances that a child provided such assistance will receive the minimum benefits and cost sharing protections established under this title either through the employersponsored group health plan or as a supplement to such coverage. (3) Employees eligible for employersponsored health coverage apply for the full premium contribution available from the employer. For the purpose of providing additional allotments under this section to States that meet the requirements of subsection (a), there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2011, $1,000,000,000.SECTION 1. ) currently limits coverage of children under that program to children whose family income does not exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line or 50 percentage points above the State's medicaid applicable income level. (2) Three million uninsured children (over 1 of every 4 such children) have family incomes that exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line, and 1,400,000 of those uninsured children would be provided health insurance coverage if the income eligibility level for SCHIP were increased to 300 percent of the Federal poverty line. 3. (a) Definition of LowIncome Child. Section 2110(c)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. A State may elect through a plan amendment to apply subparagraph (A) as if `300 percent' were substituted for `200 percent'. Title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U. ) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. The State submits to the Secretary a certification by the chief executive officer of the State that, during the fiscal year, the State child health plan (whether implemented under title XIX or under this title) will have an income standard for children that is at least (A) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(1), 250 percent of the poverty line; and (B) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(2), 300 percent of the poverty line. (2) Submission of information required for certain uses of the additional allotment. The allotments setaside under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year for any State that has not met the requirements of subsection (a) on January 1 of that fiscal year shall be returned to the Treasury. (2) The State provides assurances that a child provided such assistance will receive the minimum benefits and cost sharing protections established under this title either through the employersponsored group health plan or as a supplement to such coverage. (3) Employees eligible for employersponsored health coverage apply for the full premium contribution available from the employer. For the purpose of providing additional allotments under this section to States that meet the requirements of subsection (a), there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2011, $1,000,000,000.SECTION 1. ) currently limits coverage of children under that program to children whose family income does not exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line or 50 percentage points above the State's medicaid applicable income level. (2) Three million uninsured children (over 1 of every 4 such children) have family incomes that exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line, and 1,400,000 of those uninsured children would be provided health insurance coverage if the income eligibility level for SCHIP were increased to 300 percent of the Federal poverty line. 3. (a) Definition of LowIncome Child. Section 2110(c)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. A State may elect through a plan amendment to apply subparagraph (A) as if `300 percent' were substituted for `200 percent'. Title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U. ) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. The State submits to the Secretary a certification by the chief executive officer of the State that, during the fiscal year, the State child health plan (whether implemented under title XIX or under this title) will have an income standard for children that is at least (A) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(1), 250 percent of the poverty line; and (B) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(2), 300 percent of the poverty line. (2) Submission of information required for certain uses of the additional allotment. The allotments setaside under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year for any State that has not met the requirements of subsection (a) on January 1 of that fiscal year shall be returned to the Treasury. (2) The State provides assurances that a child provided such assistance will receive the minimum benefits and cost sharing protections established under this title either through the employersponsored group health plan or as a supplement to such coverage. (3) Employees eligible for employersponsored health coverage apply for the full premium contribution available from the employer. For the purpose of providing additional allotments under this section to States that meet the requirements of subsection (a), there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2011, $1,000,000,000.SECTION 1. ) currently limits coverage of children under that program to children whose family income does not exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line or 50 percentage points above the State's medicaid applicable income level. (2) Three million uninsured children (over 1 of every 4 such children) have family incomes that exceed 200 percent of the Federal poverty line, and 1,400,000 of those uninsured children would be provided health insurance coverage if the income eligibility level for SCHIP were increased to 300 percent of the Federal poverty line. 3. (a) Definition of LowIncome Child. Section 2110(c)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. A State may elect through a plan amendment to apply subparagraph (A) as if `300 percent' were substituted for `200 percent'. Title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U. ) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. The State submits to the Secretary a certification by the chief executive officer of the State that, during the fiscal year, the State child health plan (whether implemented under title XIX or under this title) will have an income standard for children that is at least (A) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(1), 250 percent of the poverty line; and (B) with respect to the additional allotment determined under subsection (b)(2), 300 percent of the poverty line. (2) Submission of information required for certain uses of the additional allotment. The allotments setaside under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year for any State that has not met the requirements of subsection (a) on January 1 of that fiscal year shall be returned to the Treasury. (2) The State provides assurances that a child provided such assistance will receive the minimum benefits and cost sharing protections established under this title either through the employersponsored group health plan or as a supplement to such coverage. (3) Employees eligible for employersponsored health coverage apply for the full premium contribution available from the employer. For the purpose of providing additional allotments under this section to States that meet the requirements of subsection (a), there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2011, $1,000,000,000.