2. Congress finds the following: (1) North Korea continues to develop a ballistic missile and nuclear weapons program, despite numerous United States and international sanctions, including United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695, 1718, 1874, 2087, 2094, and 2270, among others. (3) North Korea has increased the pace of its missile testing, including the test of a submarinelaunched ballistic missile, potentially furthering the development of a second strike capability. (5) By its actions and continued investments in its nuclear program, it is clear that the Government of North Korea has no intention to reduce or eliminate its nuclear weapons program. (8) Experts link North Korea to the hacking of specialized financial messaging institutions, resulting in the theft of $81,000,000 from the central bank of Bangledesh. (9) North Korean provocations continue to endanger its citizens, those of United States allies, and those of Americans. SENSE OF CONGRESS. AUTHORIZATION OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF SPECIALIZED FINANCIAL MESSAGING SERVICES TO THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA AND CERTAIN OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND SANCTIONED PERSONS. ) with respect to a person if, on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the person continues to knowingly and directly provide specialized financial messaging services to, or knowingly enable or facilitate direct or indirect access to such messaging services for (1) the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea; (2) a financial institution that facilitates any transaction or transactions or provides significant financial services for nuclear development or proliferation for or on behalf of North Korea; or (3) a person identified on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury by reason of assisting the nuclear development or proliferation efforts of North Korea. For purposes of this section, enabling or facilitating direct or indirect access to specialized financial messaging services for the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, a financial institution described in subsection (a)(2), or a person described in subsection (a)(3) includes doing so by serving as an intermediary financial institution with access to such messaging services.2. Congress finds the following: (1) North Korea continues to develop a ballistic missile and nuclear weapons program, despite numerous United States and international sanctions, including United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695, 1718, 1874, 2087, 2094, and 2270, among others. (3) North Korea has increased the pace of its missile testing, including the test of a submarinelaunched ballistic missile, potentially furthering the development of a second strike capability. (5) By its actions and continued investments in its nuclear program, it is clear that the Government of North Korea has no intention to reduce or eliminate its nuclear weapons program. (8) Experts link North Korea to the hacking of specialized financial messaging institutions, resulting in the theft of $81,000,000 from the central bank of Bangledesh. (9) North Korean provocations continue to endanger its citizens, those of United States allies, and those of Americans. SENSE OF CONGRESS. AUTHORIZATION OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF SPECIALIZED FINANCIAL MESSAGING SERVICES TO THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA AND CERTAIN OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND SANCTIONED PERSONS. ) with respect to a person if, on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the person continues to knowingly and directly provide specialized financial messaging services to, or knowingly enable or facilitate direct or indirect access to such messaging services for (1) the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea; (2) a financial institution that facilitates any transaction or transactions or provides significant financial services for nuclear development or proliferation for or on behalf of North Korea; or (3) a person identified on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury by reason of assisting the nuclear development or proliferation efforts of North Korea. For purposes of this section, enabling or facilitating direct or indirect access to specialized financial messaging services for the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, a financial institution described in subsection (a)(2), or a person described in subsection (a)(3) includes doing so by serving as an intermediary financial institution with access to such messaging services.2. Congress finds the following: (1) North Korea continues to develop a ballistic missile and nuclear weapons program, despite numerous United States and international sanctions, including United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695, 1718, 1874, 2087, 2094, and 2270, among others. (3) North Korea has increased the pace of its missile testing, including the test of a submarinelaunched ballistic missile, potentially furthering the development of a second strike capability. (5) By its actions and continued investments in its nuclear program, it is clear that the Government of North Korea has no intention to reduce or eliminate its nuclear weapons program. (8) Experts link North Korea to the hacking of specialized financial messaging institutions, resulting in the theft of $81,000,000 from the central bank of Bangledesh. (9) North Korean provocations continue to endanger its citizens, those of United States allies, and those of Americans. SENSE OF CONGRESS. AUTHORIZATION OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF SPECIALIZED FINANCIAL MESSAGING SERVICES TO THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA AND CERTAIN OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND SANCTIONED PERSONS. ) with respect to a person if, on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the person continues to knowingly and directly provide specialized financial messaging services to, or knowingly enable or facilitate direct or indirect access to such messaging services for (1) the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea; (2) a financial institution that facilitates any transaction or transactions or provides significant financial services for nuclear development or proliferation for or on behalf of North Korea; or (3) a person identified on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury by reason of assisting the nuclear development or proliferation efforts of North Korea. For purposes of this section, enabling or facilitating direct or indirect access to specialized financial messaging services for the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, a financial institution described in subsection (a)(2), or a person described in subsection (a)(3) includes doing so by serving as an intermediary financial institution with access to such messaging services.2. Congress finds the following: (1) North Korea continues to develop a ballistic missile and nuclear weapons program, despite numerous United States and international sanctions, including United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695, 1718, 1874, 2087, 2094, and 2270, among others. (3) North Korea has increased the pace of its missile testing, including the test of a submarinelaunched ballistic missile, potentially furthering the development of a second strike capability. (5) By its actions and continued investments in its nuclear program, it is clear that the Government of North Korea has no intention to reduce or eliminate its nuclear weapons program. (8) Experts link North Korea to the hacking of specialized financial messaging institutions, resulting in the theft of $81,000,000 from the central bank of Bangledesh. (9) North Korean provocations continue to endanger its citizens, those of United States allies, and those of Americans. SENSE OF CONGRESS. AUTHORIZATION OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF SPECIALIZED FINANCIAL MESSAGING SERVICES TO THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA AND CERTAIN OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND SANCTIONED PERSONS. ) with respect to a person if, on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the person continues to knowingly and directly provide specialized financial messaging services to, or knowingly enable or facilitate direct or indirect access to such messaging services for (1) the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea; (2) a financial institution that facilitates any transaction or transactions or provides significant financial services for nuclear development or proliferation for or on behalf of North Korea; or (3) a person identified on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury by reason of assisting the nuclear development or proliferation efforts of North Korea. For purposes of this section, enabling or facilitating direct or indirect access to specialized financial messaging services for the Central Bank of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, a financial institution described in subsection (a)(2), or a person described in subsection (a)(3) includes doing so by serving as an intermediary financial institution with access to such messaging services.