SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. C. 1975c) is amended to read There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act for fiscal years through fiscal year 2001. STAFF DIRECTOR. Section 4(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U. 1975b(a)(1)) is amended (1) by striking There shall and inserting the following: (A) In general. (C) Review and retention. Beginning with the fiscal year ending September 30, 1998, and each year thereafter, the Commission shall prepare an annual financial statement in accordance with section 3515 of title 31, United States Code, and shall have the statement audited by an independent external auditor in accordance with section 3521 of such title. SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS TO THE COMMISSION. Such report shall include a review of the enforcement activities of Federal agencies, including the Departments of Justice and Education, to determine if those agencies are properly protecting the religious freedom in schools. ), constitutional provisions regarding equal access, and other similar laws; (B) the rights of students and teachers and other school employees to be free from discrimination in matters of religious expression and the accommodation of the free exercise of religion; and (C) issues relating to religious nondiscrimination in curriculum construction. Not later than September 30, 1999, the Commission shall develop and carry out a study on the civil rights implications of regulatory obstacles confronting minority entrepreneurs, and report the results of such study under section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983.SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. C. 1975c) is amended to read There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act for fiscal years through fiscal year 2001. STAFF DIRECTOR. Section 4(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U. 1975b(a)(1)) is amended (1) by striking There shall and inserting the following: (A) In general. (C) Review and retention. Beginning with the fiscal year ending September 30, 1998, and each year thereafter, the Commission shall prepare an annual financial statement in accordance with section 3515 of title 31, United States Code, and shall have the statement audited by an independent external auditor in accordance with section 3521 of such title. SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS TO THE COMMISSION. Such report shall include a review of the enforcement activities of Federal agencies, including the Departments of Justice and Education, to determine if those agencies are properly protecting the religious freedom in schools. ), constitutional provisions regarding equal access, and other similar laws; (B) the rights of students and teachers and other school employees to be free from discrimination in matters of religious expression and the accommodation of the free exercise of religion; and (C) issues relating to religious nondiscrimination in curriculum construction. Not later than September 30, 1999, the Commission shall develop and carry out a study on the civil rights implications of regulatory obstacles confronting minority entrepreneurs, and report the results of such study under section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983.SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. C. 1975c) is amended to read There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act for fiscal years through fiscal year 2001. STAFF DIRECTOR. Section 4(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U. 1975b(a)(1)) is amended (1) by striking There shall and inserting the following: (A) In general. (C) Review and retention. Beginning with the fiscal year ending September 30, 1998, and each year thereafter, the Commission shall prepare an annual financial statement in accordance with section 3515 of title 31, United States Code, and shall have the statement audited by an independent external auditor in accordance with section 3521 of such title. SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS TO THE COMMISSION. Such report shall include a review of the enforcement activities of Federal agencies, including the Departments of Justice and Education, to determine if those agencies are properly protecting the religious freedom in schools. ), constitutional provisions regarding equal access, and other similar laws; (B) the rights of students and teachers and other school employees to be free from discrimination in matters of religious expression and the accommodation of the free exercise of religion; and (C) issues relating to religious nondiscrimination in curriculum construction. Not later than September 30, 1999, the Commission shall develop and carry out a study on the civil rights implications of regulatory obstacles confronting minority entrepreneurs, and report the results of such study under section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983.SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. C. 1975c) is amended to read There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act for fiscal years through fiscal year 2001. STAFF DIRECTOR. Section 4(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U. 1975b(a)(1)) is amended (1) by striking There shall and inserting the following: (A) In general. (C) Review and retention. Beginning with the fiscal year ending September 30, 1998, and each year thereafter, the Commission shall prepare an annual financial statement in accordance with section 3515 of title 31, United States Code, and shall have the statement audited by an independent external auditor in accordance with section 3521 of such title. SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS TO THE COMMISSION. Such report shall include a review of the enforcement activities of Federal agencies, including the Departments of Justice and Education, to determine if those agencies are properly protecting the religious freedom in schools. ), constitutional provisions regarding equal access, and other similar laws; (B) the rights of students and teachers and other school employees to be free from discrimination in matters of religious expression and the accommodation of the free exercise of religion; and (C) issues relating to religious nondiscrimination in curriculum construction. Not later than September 30, 1999, the Commission shall develop and carry out a study on the civil rights implications of regulatory obstacles confronting minority entrepreneurs, and report the results of such study under section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983.