2. Congress finds the following: (1) The Russian Federation uses corruption as a strategic tool to erode democratic governance from within and discredit the liberal democratic system, thereby strengthening Russia's sphere of influence. (3) In 2016, the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and the Centre for the Study of Democracy concluded that Russia has cultivated an opaque network of patronage across the region that it uses to influence and direct decisionmaking. Russia seeks to gain influence over if not control of critical state institutions, bodies, and the economy and uses this influence to shape national policies and decisions. (5) While countries along Russia's border, especially the Baltic countries, Ukraine, and Georgia, are under threat from Moscow's malign influence and military aggression, corruption is also part of Russia's hybrid warfare strategy to use direct and indirect action to coerce, destabilize and exercise malign influence over other countries. (7) According to CSIS, the corruption, often through opaque financial transactions, infects various strategic sectors of host economies, particularly energy, media, and financial sectors. Over time, the host countries' institutions become compromised and can no longer selfpolice or resist Russian influence, thereby allowing Russian control over the government. (10) This strategy exploits the inherent openness and vulnerabilities within Western capitalist systems. To combat it, the United States must support efforts of foreign partner countries to investigate corruption and strengthen fiscal transparency. SEC. 3. (b) Head of Office. (2) In coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, train United States liaison officers to serve in key United States diplomatic and consular posts in European countries to cooperate with foreign partners in the uncovering and prosecution of illicit Russian financial activity. (d) Report. (1) In general. The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. The term `appropriate congressional committees' means (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. Assistance authorized to be provided under paragraph (1) may include the following: (A) Support for activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 64(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (as added by section 3 of this Act). (C) Support for activities in Europe relating to anticorruption, antipropaganda, and antiRussian malign influence. The Secretary of State shall seek to work with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to carry out the following actions: (1) Elevate anticorruption as an element of NATO's Readiness Action Plan. The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, is authorized to host a summit between the United States and the European Union on preventing undeclared, cross border money flows invested in strategic areas or economic sectors of European countries. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Treasury shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this Act. The term intelligence community has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.2. Congress finds the following: (1) The Russian Federation uses corruption as a strategic tool to erode democratic governance from within and discredit the liberal democratic system, thereby strengthening Russia's sphere of influence. (3) In 2016, the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and the Centre for the Study of Democracy concluded that Russia has cultivated an opaque network of patronage across the region that it uses to influence and direct decisionmaking. Russia seeks to gain influence over if not control of critical state institutions, bodies, and the economy and uses this influence to shape national policies and decisions. (5) While countries along Russia's border, especially the Baltic countries, Ukraine, and Georgia, are under threat from Moscow's malign influence and military aggression, corruption is also part of Russia's hybrid warfare strategy to use direct and indirect action to coerce, destabilize and exercise malign influence over other countries. (7) According to CSIS, the corruption, often through opaque financial transactions, infects various strategic sectors of host economies, particularly energy, media, and financial sectors. Over time, the host countries' institutions become compromised and can no longer selfpolice or resist Russian influence, thereby allowing Russian control over the government. (10) This strategy exploits the inherent openness and vulnerabilities within Western capitalist systems. To combat it, the United States must support efforts of foreign partner countries to investigate corruption and strengthen fiscal transparency. SEC. 3. (b) Head of Office. (2) In coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, train United States liaison officers to serve in key United States diplomatic and consular posts in European countries to cooperate with foreign partners in the uncovering and prosecution of illicit Russian financial activity. (d) Report. (1) In general. The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. The term `appropriate congressional committees' means (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. Assistance authorized to be provided under paragraph (1) may include the following: (A) Support for activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 64(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (as added by section 3 of this Act). (C) Support for activities in Europe relating to anticorruption, antipropaganda, and antiRussian malign influence. The Secretary of State shall seek to work with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to carry out the following actions: (1) Elevate anticorruption as an element of NATO's Readiness Action Plan. The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, is authorized to host a summit between the United States and the European Union on preventing undeclared, cross border money flows invested in strategic areas or economic sectors of European countries. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Treasury shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this Act. The term intelligence community has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.2. Congress finds the following: (1) The Russian Federation uses corruption as a strategic tool to erode democratic governance from within and discredit the liberal democratic system, thereby strengthening Russia's sphere of influence. (3) In 2016, the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and the Centre for the Study of Democracy concluded that Russia has cultivated an opaque network of patronage across the region that it uses to influence and direct decisionmaking. Russia seeks to gain influence over if not control of critical state institutions, bodies, and the economy and uses this influence to shape national policies and decisions. (5) While countries along Russia's border, especially the Baltic countries, Ukraine, and Georgia, are under threat from Moscow's malign influence and military aggression, corruption is also part of Russia's hybrid warfare strategy to use direct and indirect action to coerce, destabilize and exercise malign influence over other countries. (7) According to CSIS, the corruption, often through opaque financial transactions, infects various strategic sectors of host economies, particularly energy, media, and financial sectors. Over time, the host countries' institutions become compromised and can no longer selfpolice or resist Russian influence, thereby allowing Russian control over the government. (10) This strategy exploits the inherent openness and vulnerabilities within Western capitalist systems. To combat it, the United States must support efforts of foreign partner countries to investigate corruption and strengthen fiscal transparency. SEC. 3. (b) Head of Office. (2) In coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, train United States liaison officers to serve in key United States diplomatic and consular posts in European countries to cooperate with foreign partners in the uncovering and prosecution of illicit Russian financial activity. (d) Report. (1) In general. The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. The term `appropriate congressional committees' means (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. Assistance authorized to be provided under paragraph (1) may include the following: (A) Support for activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 64(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (as added by section 3 of this Act). (C) Support for activities in Europe relating to anticorruption, antipropaganda, and antiRussian malign influence. The Secretary of State shall seek to work with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to carry out the following actions: (1) Elevate anticorruption as an element of NATO's Readiness Action Plan. The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, is authorized to host a summit between the United States and the European Union on preventing undeclared, cross border money flows invested in strategic areas or economic sectors of European countries. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Treasury shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this Act. The term intelligence community has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.2. Congress finds the following: (1) The Russian Federation uses corruption as a strategic tool to erode democratic governance from within and discredit the liberal democratic system, thereby strengthening Russia's sphere of influence. (3) In 2016, the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and the Centre for the Study of Democracy concluded that Russia has cultivated an opaque network of patronage across the region that it uses to influence and direct decisionmaking. Russia seeks to gain influence over if not control of critical state institutions, bodies, and the economy and uses this influence to shape national policies and decisions. (5) While countries along Russia's border, especially the Baltic countries, Ukraine, and Georgia, are under threat from Moscow's malign influence and military aggression, corruption is also part of Russia's hybrid warfare strategy to use direct and indirect action to coerce, destabilize and exercise malign influence over other countries. (7) According to CSIS, the corruption, often through opaque financial transactions, infects various strategic sectors of host economies, particularly energy, media, and financial sectors. Over time, the host countries' institutions become compromised and can no longer selfpolice or resist Russian influence, thereby allowing Russian control over the government. (10) This strategy exploits the inherent openness and vulnerabilities within Western capitalist systems. To combat it, the United States must support efforts of foreign partner countries to investigate corruption and strengthen fiscal transparency. SEC. 3. (b) Head of Office. (2) In coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, train United States liaison officers to serve in key United States diplomatic and consular posts in European countries to cooperate with foreign partners in the uncovering and prosecution of illicit Russian financial activity. (d) Report. (1) In general. The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. The term `appropriate congressional committees' means (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. Assistance authorized to be provided under paragraph (1) may include the following: (A) Support for activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 64(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (as added by section 3 of this Act). (C) Support for activities in Europe relating to anticorruption, antipropaganda, and antiRussian malign influence. The Secretary of State shall seek to work with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to carry out the following actions: (1) Elevate anticorruption as an element of NATO's Readiness Action Plan. The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, is authorized to host a summit between the United States and the European Union on preventing undeclared, cross border money flows invested in strategic areas or economic sectors of European countries. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Treasury shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this Act. The term intelligence community has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.