SECTION 1. Nelson, 409 U. 810 (1972), the Supreme Court of the United States upheld a State law defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman against a constitutional challenge by a samesex couple seeking to marry. The Court rejected the challenge in a onesentence order that read, The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Challenging a State marriage law on the basis that it does not extend to samesex couples raises no substantial Federal question because nothing in the text or history of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States even arguably indicates a general public understanding at the time of ratification that the ratifiers had adopted a constitutional principle that invalidated State laws defining marriage as a malefemale union. The Constitution of the United States leaves it to the people of each State to decide for themselves through their democratic processes how to redefine the legal meaning of marriage for purposes of their respective State laws. (4) Numerous Federal courts, including the United States Courts of Appeals for the Fourth, Seventh, Ninth, and Tenth Circuits, have nevertheless invalidated State marriage laws that do not allow the licensing of samesex marriages. Pending before the Supreme Court are 4 related cases challenging the marriage laws in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, and Tennessee. Because section 1 of article III of the Constitution gives Congress the power to ordain and establish inferior Courts, the Supreme Court has long held that Congress has the power to limit the jurisdiction of the lower Federal courts. 389, 40001 (1973). (a) In General. 1632. (b) To the extent that either a court created by Federal law or the Supreme Court has entered a final judgment on a claim described in subsection (a) before the effective date of this section, that judgment binds only the parties to the case. No person who is not a party to the case shall have any obligation to comply with the decision in the case. (b) Severability. This Act (including the amendment made by this Act) takes effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Amendments to the Table of Sections.SECTION 1. Nelson, 409 U. 810 (1972), the Supreme Court of the United States upheld a State law defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman against a constitutional challenge by a samesex couple seeking to marry. The Court rejected the challenge in a onesentence order that read, The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Challenging a State marriage law on the basis that it does not extend to samesex couples raises no substantial Federal question because nothing in the text or history of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States even arguably indicates a general public understanding at the time of ratification that the ratifiers had adopted a constitutional principle that invalidated State laws defining marriage as a malefemale union. The Constitution of the United States leaves it to the people of each State to decide for themselves through their democratic processes how to redefine the legal meaning of marriage for purposes of their respective State laws. (4) Numerous Federal courts, including the United States Courts of Appeals for the Fourth, Seventh, Ninth, and Tenth Circuits, have nevertheless invalidated State marriage laws that do not allow the licensing of samesex marriages. Pending before the Supreme Court are 4 related cases challenging the marriage laws in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, and Tennessee. Because section 1 of article III of the Constitution gives Congress the power to ordain and establish inferior Courts, the Supreme Court has long held that Congress has the power to limit the jurisdiction of the lower Federal courts. 389, 40001 (1973). (a) In General. 1632. (b) To the extent that either a court created by Federal law or the Supreme Court has entered a final judgment on a claim described in subsection (a) before the effective date of this section, that judgment binds only the parties to the case. No person who is not a party to the case shall have any obligation to comply with the decision in the case. (b) Severability. This Act (including the amendment made by this Act) takes effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Amendments to the Table of Sections.SECTION 1. Nelson, 409 U. 810 (1972), the Supreme Court of the United States upheld a State law defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman against a constitutional challenge by a samesex couple seeking to marry. The Court rejected the challenge in a onesentence order that read, The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Challenging a State marriage law on the basis that it does not extend to samesex couples raises no substantial Federal question because nothing in the text or history of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States even arguably indicates a general public understanding at the time of ratification that the ratifiers had adopted a constitutional principle that invalidated State laws defining marriage as a malefemale union. The Constitution of the United States leaves it to the people of each State to decide for themselves through their democratic processes how to redefine the legal meaning of marriage for purposes of their respective State laws. (4) Numerous Federal courts, including the United States Courts of Appeals for the Fourth, Seventh, Ninth, and Tenth Circuits, have nevertheless invalidated State marriage laws that do not allow the licensing of samesex marriages. Pending before the Supreme Court are 4 related cases challenging the marriage laws in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, and Tennessee. Because section 1 of article III of the Constitution gives Congress the power to ordain and establish inferior Courts, the Supreme Court has long held that Congress has the power to limit the jurisdiction of the lower Federal courts. 389, 40001 (1973). (a) In General. 1632. (b) To the extent that either a court created by Federal law or the Supreme Court has entered a final judgment on a claim described in subsection (a) before the effective date of this section, that judgment binds only the parties to the case. No person who is not a party to the case shall have any obligation to comply with the decision in the case. (b) Severability. This Act (including the amendment made by this Act) takes effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Amendments to the Table of Sections.SECTION 1. Nelson, 409 U. 810 (1972), the Supreme Court of the United States upheld a State law defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman against a constitutional challenge by a samesex couple seeking to marry. The Court rejected the challenge in a onesentence order that read, The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Challenging a State marriage law on the basis that it does not extend to samesex couples raises no substantial Federal question because nothing in the text or history of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States even arguably indicates a general public understanding at the time of ratification that the ratifiers had adopted a constitutional principle that invalidated State laws defining marriage as a malefemale union. The Constitution of the United States leaves it to the people of each State to decide for themselves through their democratic processes how to redefine the legal meaning of marriage for purposes of their respective State laws. (4) Numerous Federal courts, including the United States Courts of Appeals for the Fourth, Seventh, Ninth, and Tenth Circuits, have nevertheless invalidated State marriage laws that do not allow the licensing of samesex marriages. Pending before the Supreme Court are 4 related cases challenging the marriage laws in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, and Tennessee. Because section 1 of article III of the Constitution gives Congress the power to ordain and establish inferior Courts, the Supreme Court has long held that Congress has the power to limit the jurisdiction of the lower Federal courts. 389, 40001 (1973). (a) In General. 1632. (b) To the extent that either a court created by Federal law or the Supreme Court has entered a final judgment on a claim described in subsection (a) before the effective date of this section, that judgment binds only the parties to the case. No person who is not a party to the case shall have any obligation to comply with the decision in the case. (b) Severability. This Act (including the amendment made by this Act) takes effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Amendments to the Table of Sections.