SECTION 1. 2. Section 113(g)(1) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U. Any Federal entity, as defined in subsection (i), that operates a Federal Government station assigned to a band of eligible frequencies, as described in paragraph (2), and that incurs relocation costs because of the reallocation of frequencies from Federal use to nonFederal use shall receive payment for such costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund if the Federal entity is found by the Office of Management and Budget (`OMB') to comply with the requirements of this section and section 118. For purposes of this paragraph, Federal power agencies exempted under subsection (c)(4) that choose to relocate from the frequencies identified for reallocation pursuant to subsection (a) are eligible to receive payment under this paragraph. (A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the NTIA, on behalf of eligible Federal entities and after review by OMB, notifies the Commission of estimated relocation costs and timelines for such relocation as required by subsection (g)(4)(A), NTIA shall post on its website detailed transition plans from each of the eligible Federal entities. (ii) Geographic location of the Federal entities' facilities or systems. (vi) The professional staff, including managers, who are responsible for the Federal entity's relocation efforts and who are authorized to meet and negotiate with commercial licensees regarding the relocation process. (viii) The Federal entity's plans and timeline for procuring new equipment and additional personnel needed for the relocation. (B) To be eligible to receive payment for relocation costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund (i) Federal entities shall make the transition plans described in this subsection available to NTIA at least 60 days prior to the date that NTIA must make such plans publicly available on its website pursuant to subparagraph (A), in a common format to be specified by NTIA after public input; and (ii) each transition plan shall be evaluated by a standing 3member technical panel (in this section referred to as the `Technical Panel'), which shall report to NTIA and to the Federal entity, within 30 days after the plan's submission to NTIA, on the sufficiency of the plan under this paragraph, including whether the required public information is included and whether proposed timelines and estimated relocation costs are reasonable. NTIA shall adopt regulations to govern the workings of the Technical Panel after public notice and comment, subject to OMB approval, and the members of the Technical Panel shall be appointed, within 180 days of the date of enactment of the Spectrum Relocation Improvement Act of 2008. Section 118 of such Act (47 U. NTIA shall post such update publicly on its website not later than the date that is the halfway point of the time period described in subparagraph (A). (3) Nothing in paragraphs (1) or (2) shall be construed to adversely affect critical communications related to the mission of any Federal entity. (5) Appeals may be taken from decisions of the dispute resolution board to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by filing a notice of appeal with that court within 30 days after the date of such decision. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, for any litigation to enforce this subsection or any decision rendered under it.SECTION 1. 2. Section 113(g)(1) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U. Any Federal entity, as defined in subsection (i), that operates a Federal Government station assigned to a band of eligible frequencies, as described in paragraph (2), and that incurs relocation costs because of the reallocation of frequencies from Federal use to nonFederal use shall receive payment for such costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund if the Federal entity is found by the Office of Management and Budget (`OMB') to comply with the requirements of this section and section 118. For purposes of this paragraph, Federal power agencies exempted under subsection (c)(4) that choose to relocate from the frequencies identified for reallocation pursuant to subsection (a) are eligible to receive payment under this paragraph. (A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the NTIA, on behalf of eligible Federal entities and after review by OMB, notifies the Commission of estimated relocation costs and timelines for such relocation as required by subsection (g)(4)(A), NTIA shall post on its website detailed transition plans from each of the eligible Federal entities. (ii) Geographic location of the Federal entities' facilities or systems. (vi) The professional staff, including managers, who are responsible for the Federal entity's relocation efforts and who are authorized to meet and negotiate with commercial licensees regarding the relocation process. (viii) The Federal entity's plans and timeline for procuring new equipment and additional personnel needed for the relocation. (B) To be eligible to receive payment for relocation costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund (i) Federal entities shall make the transition plans described in this subsection available to NTIA at least 60 days prior to the date that NTIA must make such plans publicly available on its website pursuant to subparagraph (A), in a common format to be specified by NTIA after public input; and (ii) each transition plan shall be evaluated by a standing 3member technical panel (in this section referred to as the `Technical Panel'), which shall report to NTIA and to the Federal entity, within 30 days after the plan's submission to NTIA, on the sufficiency of the plan under this paragraph, including whether the required public information is included and whether proposed timelines and estimated relocation costs are reasonable. NTIA shall adopt regulations to govern the workings of the Technical Panel after public notice and comment, subject to OMB approval, and the members of the Technical Panel shall be appointed, within 180 days of the date of enactment of the Spectrum Relocation Improvement Act of 2008. Section 118 of such Act (47 U. NTIA shall post such update publicly on its website not later than the date that is the halfway point of the time period described in subparagraph (A). (3) Nothing in paragraphs (1) or (2) shall be construed to adversely affect critical communications related to the mission of any Federal entity. (5) Appeals may be taken from decisions of the dispute resolution board to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by filing a notice of appeal with that court within 30 days after the date of such decision. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, for any litigation to enforce this subsection or any decision rendered under it.SECTION 1. 2. Section 113(g)(1) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U. Any Federal entity, as defined in subsection (i), that operates a Federal Government station assigned to a band of eligible frequencies, as described in paragraph (2), and that incurs relocation costs because of the reallocation of frequencies from Federal use to nonFederal use shall receive payment for such costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund if the Federal entity is found by the Office of Management and Budget (`OMB') to comply with the requirements of this section and section 118. For purposes of this paragraph, Federal power agencies exempted under subsection (c)(4) that choose to relocate from the frequencies identified for reallocation pursuant to subsection (a) are eligible to receive payment under this paragraph. (A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the NTIA, on behalf of eligible Federal entities and after review by OMB, notifies the Commission of estimated relocation costs and timelines for such relocation as required by subsection (g)(4)(A), NTIA shall post on its website detailed transition plans from each of the eligible Federal entities. (ii) Geographic location of the Federal entities' facilities or systems. (vi) The professional staff, including managers, who are responsible for the Federal entity's relocation efforts and who are authorized to meet and negotiate with commercial licensees regarding the relocation process. (viii) The Federal entity's plans and timeline for procuring new equipment and additional personnel needed for the relocation. (B) To be eligible to receive payment for relocation costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund (i) Federal entities shall make the transition plans described in this subsection available to NTIA at least 60 days prior to the date that NTIA must make such plans publicly available on its website pursuant to subparagraph (A), in a common format to be specified by NTIA after public input; and (ii) each transition plan shall be evaluated by a standing 3member technical panel (in this section referred to as the `Technical Panel'), which shall report to NTIA and to the Federal entity, within 30 days after the plan's submission to NTIA, on the sufficiency of the plan under this paragraph, including whether the required public information is included and whether proposed timelines and estimated relocation costs are reasonable. NTIA shall adopt regulations to govern the workings of the Technical Panel after public notice and comment, subject to OMB approval, and the members of the Technical Panel shall be appointed, within 180 days of the date of enactment of the Spectrum Relocation Improvement Act of 2008. Section 118 of such Act (47 U. NTIA shall post such update publicly on its website not later than the date that is the halfway point of the time period described in subparagraph (A). (3) Nothing in paragraphs (1) or (2) shall be construed to adversely affect critical communications related to the mission of any Federal entity. (5) Appeals may be taken from decisions of the dispute resolution board to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by filing a notice of appeal with that court within 30 days after the date of such decision. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, for any litigation to enforce this subsection or any decision rendered under it.SECTION 1. 2. Section 113(g)(1) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U. Any Federal entity, as defined in subsection (i), that operates a Federal Government station assigned to a band of eligible frequencies, as described in paragraph (2), and that incurs relocation costs because of the reallocation of frequencies from Federal use to nonFederal use shall receive payment for such costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund if the Federal entity is found by the Office of Management and Budget (`OMB') to comply with the requirements of this section and section 118. For purposes of this paragraph, Federal power agencies exempted under subsection (c)(4) that choose to relocate from the frequencies identified for reallocation pursuant to subsection (a) are eligible to receive payment under this paragraph. (A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the NTIA, on behalf of eligible Federal entities and after review by OMB, notifies the Commission of estimated relocation costs and timelines for such relocation as required by subsection (g)(4)(A), NTIA shall post on its website detailed transition plans from each of the eligible Federal entities. (ii) Geographic location of the Federal entities' facilities or systems. (vi) The professional staff, including managers, who are responsible for the Federal entity's relocation efforts and who are authorized to meet and negotiate with commercial licensees regarding the relocation process. (viii) The Federal entity's plans and timeline for procuring new equipment and additional personnel needed for the relocation. (B) To be eligible to receive payment for relocation costs from the Spectrum Relocation Fund (i) Federal entities shall make the transition plans described in this subsection available to NTIA at least 60 days prior to the date that NTIA must make such plans publicly available on its website pursuant to subparagraph (A), in a common format to be specified by NTIA after public input; and (ii) each transition plan shall be evaluated by a standing 3member technical panel (in this section referred to as the `Technical Panel'), which shall report to NTIA and to the Federal entity, within 30 days after the plan's submission to NTIA, on the sufficiency of the plan under this paragraph, including whether the required public information is included and whether proposed timelines and estimated relocation costs are reasonable. NTIA shall adopt regulations to govern the workings of the Technical Panel after public notice and comment, subject to OMB approval, and the members of the Technical Panel shall be appointed, within 180 days of the date of enactment of the Spectrum Relocation Improvement Act of 2008. Section 118 of such Act (47 U. NTIA shall post such update publicly on its website not later than the date that is the halfway point of the time period described in subparagraph (A). (3) Nothing in paragraphs (1) or (2) shall be construed to adversely affect critical communications related to the mission of any Federal entity. (5) Appeals may be taken from decisions of the dispute resolution board to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by filing a notice of appeal with that court within 30 days after the date of such decision. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, for any litigation to enforce this subsection or any decision rendered under it.