SECTION 1. SEC. 2. Section 459A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. C. 1087a), by striking (1) to make loans to all eligible students (and the eligible parents of such students) in attendance at participating institutions of higher education selected by the Secretary, to enable such students to pursue their courses of study at such institutions during the period beginning July 1, 1994; and (2) for purchasing loans under section 459A. ) is amended by inserting after section 459 the following: SEC. 459A. The Secretary shall, at the request of an eligible borrower (as described in subsection (b)), convert an eligible student loan debt (as described in subsection (c)) into a Federal debt by paying the holder of the eligible student loan the outstanding balance of principal and interest on that loan, and the borrower shall enter into an agreement to repay to the Secretary the amount advanced to convert the debt to a Federal debt. A FFEL Debt Conversion Loan shall be repayable by the borrower under the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the promissory note signed by the borrower for the eligible student loan debt being repaid by the Secretary under this section, including such terms as applied when the borrower entered repayment, and the availability of grace periods and deferments. (A) FFEL terms. (4) Fees. A holder of an eligible student loan shall promptly provide the Secretary with the amount outstanding and such other information as may be needed to convert that debt under this section. Not later than December 1, 2011, the Secretary shall notify eligible borrowers (1) of their eligibility to convert an eligible student loan debt under this section; and (2) of the time frame for applying for such conversion. S. 1087f(b)) is amended (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting , converted, after made; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting , converted, after made. 1098e) is amended (A) in subsection (a)(3)(A), by inserting converted, after made,; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting converted, after made,; and (C) in subsection (c), by inserting converted, after made,. (d) Inapplicability of Title IV Negotiated Rulemaking and Master Calendar Exception. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act, the Secretary of Education shall carry out the requirement of section 459A(e)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to the annual cost estimates required to be submitted not later than February 15, 2012. The proceeds to the Federal Government from the temporary authority to convert student loan debt provided by the amendments made by this Act shall be used to carry out Federal Pell Grants under section 401 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. Section 459A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. C. 1087a), by striking (1) to make loans to all eligible students (and the eligible parents of such students) in attendance at participating institutions of higher education selected by the Secretary, to enable such students to pursue their courses of study at such institutions during the period beginning July 1, 1994; and (2) for purchasing loans under section 459A. ) is amended by inserting after section 459 the following: SEC. 459A. The Secretary shall, at the request of an eligible borrower (as described in subsection (b)), convert an eligible student loan debt (as described in subsection (c)) into a Federal debt by paying the holder of the eligible student loan the outstanding balance of principal and interest on that loan, and the borrower shall enter into an agreement to repay to the Secretary the amount advanced to convert the debt to a Federal debt. A FFEL Debt Conversion Loan shall be repayable by the borrower under the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the promissory note signed by the borrower for the eligible student loan debt being repaid by the Secretary under this section, including such terms as applied when the borrower entered repayment, and the availability of grace periods and deferments. (A) FFEL terms. (4) Fees. A holder of an eligible student loan shall promptly provide the Secretary with the amount outstanding and such other information as may be needed to convert that debt under this section. Not later than December 1, 2011, the Secretary shall notify eligible borrowers (1) of their eligibility to convert an eligible student loan debt under this section; and (2) of the time frame for applying for such conversion. S. 1087f(b)) is amended (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting , converted, after made; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting , converted, after made. 1098e) is amended (A) in subsection (a)(3)(A), by inserting converted, after made,; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting converted, after made,; and (C) in subsection (c), by inserting converted, after made,. (d) Inapplicability of Title IV Negotiated Rulemaking and Master Calendar Exception. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act, the Secretary of Education shall carry out the requirement of section 459A(e)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to the annual cost estimates required to be submitted not later than February 15, 2012. The proceeds to the Federal Government from the temporary authority to convert student loan debt provided by the amendments made by this Act shall be used to carry out Federal Pell Grants under section 401 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. Section 459A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. C. 1087a), by striking (1) to make loans to all eligible students (and the eligible parents of such students) in attendance at participating institutions of higher education selected by the Secretary, to enable such students to pursue their courses of study at such institutions during the period beginning July 1, 1994; and (2) for purchasing loans under section 459A. ) is amended by inserting after section 459 the following: SEC. 459A. The Secretary shall, at the request of an eligible borrower (as described in subsection (b)), convert an eligible student loan debt (as described in subsection (c)) into a Federal debt by paying the holder of the eligible student loan the outstanding balance of principal and interest on that loan, and the borrower shall enter into an agreement to repay to the Secretary the amount advanced to convert the debt to a Federal debt. A FFEL Debt Conversion Loan shall be repayable by the borrower under the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the promissory note signed by the borrower for the eligible student loan debt being repaid by the Secretary under this section, including such terms as applied when the borrower entered repayment, and the availability of grace periods and deferments. (A) FFEL terms. (4) Fees. A holder of an eligible student loan shall promptly provide the Secretary with the amount outstanding and such other information as may be needed to convert that debt under this section. Not later than December 1, 2011, the Secretary shall notify eligible borrowers (1) of their eligibility to convert an eligible student loan debt under this section; and (2) of the time frame for applying for such conversion. S. 1087f(b)) is amended (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting , converted, after made; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting , converted, after made. 1098e) is amended (A) in subsection (a)(3)(A), by inserting converted, after made,; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting converted, after made,; and (C) in subsection (c), by inserting converted, after made,. (d) Inapplicability of Title IV Negotiated Rulemaking and Master Calendar Exception. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act, the Secretary of Education shall carry out the requirement of section 459A(e)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to the annual cost estimates required to be submitted not later than February 15, 2012. The proceeds to the Federal Government from the temporary authority to convert student loan debt provided by the amendments made by this Act shall be used to carry out Federal Pell Grants under section 401 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. Section 459A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. C. 1087a), by striking (1) to make loans to all eligible students (and the eligible parents of such students) in attendance at participating institutions of higher education selected by the Secretary, to enable such students to pursue their courses of study at such institutions during the period beginning July 1, 1994; and (2) for purchasing loans under section 459A. ) is amended by inserting after section 459 the following: SEC. 459A. The Secretary shall, at the request of an eligible borrower (as described in subsection (b)), convert an eligible student loan debt (as described in subsection (c)) into a Federal debt by paying the holder of the eligible student loan the outstanding balance of principal and interest on that loan, and the borrower shall enter into an agreement to repay to the Secretary the amount advanced to convert the debt to a Federal debt. A FFEL Debt Conversion Loan shall be repayable by the borrower under the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the promissory note signed by the borrower for the eligible student loan debt being repaid by the Secretary under this section, including such terms as applied when the borrower entered repayment, and the availability of grace periods and deferments. (A) FFEL terms. (4) Fees. A holder of an eligible student loan shall promptly provide the Secretary with the amount outstanding and such other information as may be needed to convert that debt under this section. Not later than December 1, 2011, the Secretary shall notify eligible borrowers (1) of their eligibility to convert an eligible student loan debt under this section; and (2) of the time frame for applying for such conversion. S. 1087f(b)) is amended (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting , converted, after made; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting , converted, after made. 1098e) is amended (A) in subsection (a)(3)(A), by inserting converted, after made,; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting converted, after made,; and (C) in subsection (c), by inserting converted, after made,. (d) Inapplicability of Title IV Negotiated Rulemaking and Master Calendar Exception. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act, the Secretary of Education shall carry out the requirement of section 459A(e)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to the annual cost estimates required to be submitted not later than February 15, 2012. The proceeds to the Federal Government from the temporary authority to convert student loan debt provided by the amendments made by this Act shall be used to carry out Federal Pell Grants under section 401 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.