SECTION 1. The Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96 487; 94 Stat. All future appointed Federal public land managers in Alaska, or a region containing Alaska, shall complete ANILCA training within 60 days of assuming their position. (c) In section 1102, add a new subsection (5) at the end as follows: (5) The term `compatible with the uses for which the unit was established' means activities which would not cause significant adverse impacts on conservation system units purposes. and inserting in lieu thereof: access, including rightsofway established under Revised Statute 2477. (g) The second sentence in section 1110(a) is amended by striking area and inserting in lieu thereof: area: except that (1) reasonable regulations shall not include any requirements for the demonstration of preexisting use and (2) the Secretary shall limit any prohibitions to the smallest area practicable and to the shortest period of time. and insert in lieu thereof: lands, except that the Secretary may not impose any unreasonable fees or charges on those seeking to exercise their rights under this subsection. (j) Section 1301(d) is amended by striking permit in the final sentence and inserting in lieu thereof shall enable. and inserting in lieu thereof: located, except that the applicant may not be required to waive, forfeit, or relinquish any possessory or personal interests in a cabin or structure. Reasonable access, including access by aircraft, shall be afforded to permittees and lessees for these purposes. (o) Section 1307 (a) is amended by adding a new sentence at the end as follows: Inability to provide the service for up to a five year period shall not constitute a relinquishment of a right under this section. (p) Section 1313 is amended by adding at the end of the first sentence: A purpose of all preserve units is to provide for fish and wildlife dependent recreation including fishing and hunting. Except in emergencies, any regulations prescribing such restrictions relating to hunting, fishing, or trapping shall be put into effect only after consultation with the appropriate state agency having responsibility over hunting, fishing, and trapping. (s) Section 1316 (a) is amended in the first sentence by deleting equipment and inserting in lieu thereof: equipment, including motorized and mechanical equipment,. (v) Section 1316 (b) is amended by inserting significantly before the word detrimental. and inserting in lieu thereof: section except that the Secretary shall not establish management directives, guidelines, policies or prescriptions for the purpose of administering any study area to preserve Wilderness values prior to action by Congress on recommendations, if any, for wilderness designation of a study area. (x) Section 1319 is amended by designating the existing text as subsection (a) and adding the following subsection (b): (b) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as limiting or restricting the power and authority of the State of Alaska except as expressly provided herein.SECTION 1. The Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96 487; 94 Stat. All future appointed Federal public land managers in Alaska, or a region containing Alaska, shall complete ANILCA training within 60 days of assuming their position. (c) In section 1102, add a new subsection (5) at the end as follows: (5) The term `compatible with the uses for which the unit was established' means activities which would not cause significant adverse impacts on conservation system units purposes. and inserting in lieu thereof: access, including rightsofway established under Revised Statute 2477. (g) The second sentence in section 1110(a) is amended by striking area and inserting in lieu thereof: area: except that (1) reasonable regulations shall not include any requirements for the demonstration of preexisting use and (2) the Secretary shall limit any prohibitions to the smallest area practicable and to the shortest period of time. and insert in lieu thereof: lands, except that the Secretary may not impose any unreasonable fees or charges on those seeking to exercise their rights under this subsection. (j) Section 1301(d) is amended by striking permit in the final sentence and inserting in lieu thereof shall enable. and inserting in lieu thereof: located, except that the applicant may not be required to waive, forfeit, or relinquish any possessory or personal interests in a cabin or structure. Reasonable access, including access by aircraft, shall be afforded to permittees and lessees for these purposes. (o) Section 1307 (a) is amended by adding a new sentence at the end as follows: Inability to provide the service for up to a five year period shall not constitute a relinquishment of a right under this section. (p) Section 1313 is amended by adding at the end of the first sentence: A purpose of all preserve units is to provide for fish and wildlife dependent recreation including fishing and hunting. Except in emergencies, any regulations prescribing such restrictions relating to hunting, fishing, or trapping shall be put into effect only after consultation with the appropriate state agency having responsibility over hunting, fishing, and trapping. (s) Section 1316 (a) is amended in the first sentence by deleting equipment and inserting in lieu thereof: equipment, including motorized and mechanical equipment,. (v) Section 1316 (b) is amended by inserting significantly before the word detrimental. and inserting in lieu thereof: section except that the Secretary shall not establish management directives, guidelines, policies or prescriptions for the purpose of administering any study area to preserve Wilderness values prior to action by Congress on recommendations, if any, for wilderness designation of a study area. (x) Section 1319 is amended by designating the existing text as subsection (a) and adding the following subsection (b): (b) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as limiting or restricting the power and authority of the State of Alaska except as expressly provided herein.SECTION 1. The Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96 487; 94 Stat. All future appointed Federal public land managers in Alaska, or a region containing Alaska, shall complete ANILCA training within 60 days of assuming their position. (c) In section 1102, add a new subsection (5) at the end as follows: (5) The term `compatible with the uses for which the unit was established' means activities which would not cause significant adverse impacts on conservation system units purposes. and inserting in lieu thereof: access, including rightsofway established under Revised Statute 2477. (g) The second sentence in section 1110(a) is amended by striking area and inserting in lieu thereof: area: except that (1) reasonable regulations shall not include any requirements for the demonstration of preexisting use and (2) the Secretary shall limit any prohibitions to the smallest area practicable and to the shortest period of time. and insert in lieu thereof: lands, except that the Secretary may not impose any unreasonable fees or charges on those seeking to exercise their rights under this subsection. (j) Section 1301(d) is amended by striking permit in the final sentence and inserting in lieu thereof shall enable. and inserting in lieu thereof: located, except that the applicant may not be required to waive, forfeit, or relinquish any possessory or personal interests in a cabin or structure. Reasonable access, including access by aircraft, shall be afforded to permittees and lessees for these purposes. (o) Section 1307 (a) is amended by adding a new sentence at the end as follows: Inability to provide the service for up to a five year period shall not constitute a relinquishment of a right under this section. (p) Section 1313 is amended by adding at the end of the first sentence: A purpose of all preserve units is to provide for fish and wildlife dependent recreation including fishing and hunting. Except in emergencies, any regulations prescribing such restrictions relating to hunting, fishing, or trapping shall be put into effect only after consultation with the appropriate state agency having responsibility over hunting, fishing, and trapping. (s) Section 1316 (a) is amended in the first sentence by deleting equipment and inserting in lieu thereof: equipment, including motorized and mechanical equipment,. (v) Section 1316 (b) is amended by inserting significantly before the word detrimental. and inserting in lieu thereof: section except that the Secretary shall not establish management directives, guidelines, policies or prescriptions for the purpose of administering any study area to preserve Wilderness values prior to action by Congress on recommendations, if any, for wilderness designation of a study area. (x) Section 1319 is amended by designating the existing text as subsection (a) and adding the following subsection (b): (b) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as limiting or restricting the power and authority of the State of Alaska except as expressly provided herein.SECTION 1. The Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96 487; 94 Stat. All future appointed Federal public land managers in Alaska, or a region containing Alaska, shall complete ANILCA training within 60 days of assuming their position. (c) In section 1102, add a new subsection (5) at the end as follows: (5) The term `compatible with the uses for which the unit was established' means activities which would not cause significant adverse impacts on conservation system units purposes. and inserting in lieu thereof: access, including rightsofway established under Revised Statute 2477. (g) The second sentence in section 1110(a) is amended by striking area and inserting in lieu thereof: area: except that (1) reasonable regulations shall not include any requirements for the demonstration of preexisting use and (2) the Secretary shall limit any prohibitions to the smallest area practicable and to the shortest period of time. and insert in lieu thereof: lands, except that the Secretary may not impose any unreasonable fees or charges on those seeking to exercise their rights under this subsection. (j) Section 1301(d) is amended by striking permit in the final sentence and inserting in lieu thereof shall enable. and inserting in lieu thereof: located, except that the applicant may not be required to waive, forfeit, or relinquish any possessory or personal interests in a cabin or structure. Reasonable access, including access by aircraft, shall be afforded to permittees and lessees for these purposes. (o) Section 1307 (a) is amended by adding a new sentence at the end as follows: Inability to provide the service for up to a five year period shall not constitute a relinquishment of a right under this section. (p) Section 1313 is amended by adding at the end of the first sentence: A purpose of all preserve units is to provide for fish and wildlife dependent recreation including fishing and hunting. Except in emergencies, any regulations prescribing such restrictions relating to hunting, fishing, or trapping shall be put into effect only after consultation with the appropriate state agency having responsibility over hunting, fishing, and trapping. (s) Section 1316 (a) is amended in the first sentence by deleting equipment and inserting in lieu thereof: equipment, including motorized and mechanical equipment,. (v) Section 1316 (b) is amended by inserting significantly before the word detrimental. and inserting in lieu thereof: section except that the Secretary shall not establish management directives, guidelines, policies or prescriptions for the purpose of administering any study area to preserve Wilderness values prior to action by Congress on recommendations, if any, for wilderness designation of a study area. (x) Section 1319 is amended by designating the existing text as subsection (a) and adding the following subsection (b): (b) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as limiting or restricting the power and authority of the State of Alaska except as expressly provided herein.