SEC. 2. TAXFREE DISTRIBUTIONS FROM INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES. No amount shall be includible in gross income by reason of a qualified charitable distribution. (ii) Splitinterest gifts. (D) Application of section 72. Notwithstanding section 664(b), distributions made from a trust described in subparagraph (G)(i) shall be treated as ordinary income in the hands of the beneficiary to whom is paid the annuity described in section 664(d)(1)(A) or the payment described in section 664(d)(2)(A). No amount shall be includible in the gross income of a pooled income fund (as defined in subparagraph (G)(ii)) by reason of a qualified charitable distribution to such fund, and all distributions from the fund which are attributable to qualified charitable distributions shall be treated as ordinary income to the beneficiary. Qualified charitable distributions made for a charitable gift annuity shall not be treated as an investment in the contract. (b) Effective Date.SEC. 2. TAXFREE DISTRIBUTIONS FROM INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES. No amount shall be includible in gross income by reason of a qualified charitable distribution. (ii) Splitinterest gifts. (D) Application of section 72. Notwithstanding section 664(b), distributions made from a trust described in subparagraph (G)(i) shall be treated as ordinary income in the hands of the beneficiary to whom is paid the annuity described in section 664(d)(1)(A) or the payment described in section 664(d)(2)(A). No amount shall be includible in the gross income of a pooled income fund (as defined in subparagraph (G)(ii)) by reason of a qualified charitable distribution to such fund, and all distributions from the fund which are attributable to qualified charitable distributions shall be treated as ordinary income to the beneficiary. Qualified charitable distributions made for a charitable gift annuity shall not be treated as an investment in the contract. (b) Effective Date.SEC. 2. TAXFREE DISTRIBUTIONS FROM INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES. No amount shall be includible in gross income by reason of a qualified charitable distribution. (ii) Splitinterest gifts. (D) Application of section 72. Notwithstanding section 664(b), distributions made from a trust described in subparagraph (G)(i) shall be treated as ordinary income in the hands of the beneficiary to whom is paid the annuity described in section 664(d)(1)(A) or the payment described in section 664(d)(2)(A). No amount shall be includible in the gross income of a pooled income fund (as defined in subparagraph (G)(ii)) by reason of a qualified charitable distribution to such fund, and all distributions from the fund which are attributable to qualified charitable distributions shall be treated as ordinary income to the beneficiary. Qualified charitable distributions made for a charitable gift annuity shall not be treated as an investment in the contract. (b) Effective Date.SEC. 2. TAXFREE DISTRIBUTIONS FROM INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES. No amount shall be includible in gross income by reason of a qualified charitable distribution. (ii) Splitinterest gifts. (D) Application of section 72. Notwithstanding section 664(b), distributions made from a trust described in subparagraph (G)(i) shall be treated as ordinary income in the hands of the beneficiary to whom is paid the annuity described in section 664(d)(1)(A) or the payment described in section 664(d)(2)(A). No amount shall be includible in the gross income of a pooled income fund (as defined in subparagraph (G)(ii)) by reason of a qualified charitable distribution to such fund, and all distributions from the fund which are attributable to qualified charitable distributions shall be treated as ordinary income to the beneficiary. Qualified charitable distributions made for a charitable gift annuity shall not be treated as an investment in the contract. (b) Effective Date.