SECTION 1. The Administrator, in consultation with the heads of executive agencies, shall establish performance measures to determine the effectiveness of Federal property management. (2) Use of existing data and data collection tools. In developing and implementing the performance measures, the Administrator shall use existing data sources and automated data collection tools to the maximum extent practical. The head of each executive agency shall (1) monitor the performance of the agency against the performance measures established under subsection (a); and (2) report the results of such monitoring to the Congress in the agency's budget submission under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a program management plan describing (1) how the program established by this Act will be implemented; (2) individuals who will exercise operational authority over the program; (3) the qualifications of such individuals; and (4) a timeline for implementation of the program. 201. Title II of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U. S. C. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. (a) The Administrator may enter into agreements for the creation of one or more publicprivate partnerships with a nongovernmental person, the purpose of which shall be (1) to lease Federal real property under the terms of subsection (c), and (2) to develop, rehabilitate, or renovate facilities on such leased property for the use, in whole or part, by executive agencies. (3) The Administrator may dispose of equity interest controlled by the United States in any publicprivate partnership created under this section whenever determined by the Administrator to be beneficial to the United States, if the Administrator receives the estimated fair market value of such interests. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator, or his or her designee, may provide services to a publicprivate partnership created under this section on such terms as the Administrator considers appropriate. (e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may retain and use any revenues derived from agreements entered into under this section for the physical improvement of Federal real property. (2) At the discretion of the Administrator, revenues from master leases authorized by this section shall be deposited into the fund established by section 210(f), or deposited into the general fund of the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. The business plan shall identify the property that the Administrator proposes to make available under the agreement, an explanation of the agreement, the name, resources, and qualifications of the nongovernmental person, the factors in support of the proposed project, and performance measures by which the proposed project will be measured. Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a report on the use by executive agencies of the authorities provided by this Act. The report shall (1) assess the effectiveness of the authority to enter into agreements to enhance the value of the properties subject to the agreements; and (2) review the performance measures included in the explanatory statements submitted pursuant to section 201.SECTION 1. The Administrator, in consultation with the heads of executive agencies, shall establish performance measures to determine the effectiveness of Federal property management. (2) Use of existing data and data collection tools. In developing and implementing the performance measures, the Administrator shall use existing data sources and automated data collection tools to the maximum extent practical. The head of each executive agency shall (1) monitor the performance of the agency against the performance measures established under subsection (a); and (2) report the results of such monitoring to the Congress in the agency's budget submission under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a program management plan describing (1) how the program established by this Act will be implemented; (2) individuals who will exercise operational authority over the program; (3) the qualifications of such individuals; and (4) a timeline for implementation of the program. 201. Title II of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U. S. C. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. (a) The Administrator may enter into agreements for the creation of one or more publicprivate partnerships with a nongovernmental person, the purpose of which shall be (1) to lease Federal real property under the terms of subsection (c), and (2) to develop, rehabilitate, or renovate facilities on such leased property for the use, in whole or part, by executive agencies. (3) The Administrator may dispose of equity interest controlled by the United States in any publicprivate partnership created under this section whenever determined by the Administrator to be beneficial to the United States, if the Administrator receives the estimated fair market value of such interests. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator, or his or her designee, may provide services to a publicprivate partnership created under this section on such terms as the Administrator considers appropriate. (e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may retain and use any revenues derived from agreements entered into under this section for the physical improvement of Federal real property. (2) At the discretion of the Administrator, revenues from master leases authorized by this section shall be deposited into the fund established by section 210(f), or deposited into the general fund of the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. The business plan shall identify the property that the Administrator proposes to make available under the agreement, an explanation of the agreement, the name, resources, and qualifications of the nongovernmental person, the factors in support of the proposed project, and performance measures by which the proposed project will be measured. Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a report on the use by executive agencies of the authorities provided by this Act. The report shall (1) assess the effectiveness of the authority to enter into agreements to enhance the value of the properties subject to the agreements; and (2) review the performance measures included in the explanatory statements submitted pursuant to section 201.SECTION 1. The Administrator, in consultation with the heads of executive agencies, shall establish performance measures to determine the effectiveness of Federal property management. (2) Use of existing data and data collection tools. In developing and implementing the performance measures, the Administrator shall use existing data sources and automated data collection tools to the maximum extent practical. The head of each executive agency shall (1) monitor the performance of the agency against the performance measures established under subsection (a); and (2) report the results of such monitoring to the Congress in the agency's budget submission under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a program management plan describing (1) how the program established by this Act will be implemented; (2) individuals who will exercise operational authority over the program; (3) the qualifications of such individuals; and (4) a timeline for implementation of the program. 201. Title II of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U. S. C. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. (a) The Administrator may enter into agreements for the creation of one or more publicprivate partnerships with a nongovernmental person, the purpose of which shall be (1) to lease Federal real property under the terms of subsection (c), and (2) to develop, rehabilitate, or renovate facilities on such leased property for the use, in whole or part, by executive agencies. (3) The Administrator may dispose of equity interest controlled by the United States in any publicprivate partnership created under this section whenever determined by the Administrator to be beneficial to the United States, if the Administrator receives the estimated fair market value of such interests. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator, or his or her designee, may provide services to a publicprivate partnership created under this section on such terms as the Administrator considers appropriate. (e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may retain and use any revenues derived from agreements entered into under this section for the physical improvement of Federal real property. (2) At the discretion of the Administrator, revenues from master leases authorized by this section shall be deposited into the fund established by section 210(f), or deposited into the general fund of the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. The business plan shall identify the property that the Administrator proposes to make available under the agreement, an explanation of the agreement, the name, resources, and qualifications of the nongovernmental person, the factors in support of the proposed project, and performance measures by which the proposed project will be measured. Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a report on the use by executive agencies of the authorities provided by this Act. The report shall (1) assess the effectiveness of the authority to enter into agreements to enhance the value of the properties subject to the agreements; and (2) review the performance measures included in the explanatory statements submitted pursuant to section 201.SECTION 1. The Administrator, in consultation with the heads of executive agencies, shall establish performance measures to determine the effectiveness of Federal property management. (2) Use of existing data and data collection tools. In developing and implementing the performance measures, the Administrator shall use existing data sources and automated data collection tools to the maximum extent practical. The head of each executive agency shall (1) monitor the performance of the agency against the performance measures established under subsection (a); and (2) report the results of such monitoring to the Congress in the agency's budget submission under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a program management plan describing (1) how the program established by this Act will be implemented; (2) individuals who will exercise operational authority over the program; (3) the qualifications of such individuals; and (4) a timeline for implementation of the program. 201. Title II of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U. S. C. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Sec. (a) The Administrator may enter into agreements for the creation of one or more publicprivate partnerships with a nongovernmental person, the purpose of which shall be (1) to lease Federal real property under the terms of subsection (c), and (2) to develop, rehabilitate, or renovate facilities on such leased property for the use, in whole or part, by executive agencies. (3) The Administrator may dispose of equity interest controlled by the United States in any publicprivate partnership created under this section whenever determined by the Administrator to be beneficial to the United States, if the Administrator receives the estimated fair market value of such interests. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator, or his or her designee, may provide services to a publicprivate partnership created under this section on such terms as the Administrator considers appropriate. (e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may retain and use any revenues derived from agreements entered into under this section for the physical improvement of Federal real property. (2) At the discretion of the Administrator, revenues from master leases authorized by this section shall be deposited into the fund established by section 210(f), or deposited into the general fund of the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. The business plan shall identify the property that the Administrator proposes to make available under the agreement, an explanation of the agreement, the name, resources, and qualifications of the nongovernmental person, the factors in support of the proposed project, and performance measures by which the proposed project will be measured. Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Congress a report on the use by executive agencies of the authorities provided by this Act. The report shall (1) assess the effectiveness of the authority to enter into agreements to enhance the value of the properties subject to the agreements; and (2) review the performance measures included in the explanatory statements submitted pursuant to section 201.