2. The Congress finds as follows: (1) Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is a largely undiagnosed or misdiagnosed vascular genetic bleeding disorder that causes abnormalities of the blood vessels. HHT can cause spontaneous hemorrhage or stroke when brain or lung arteriovenous malformations, which are tangled blood vessels, rupture unexpectedly in all age groups. (2) One in 5,000 American children and adults suffer from HHT. (4) Due to the widespread lack of knowledge, accurate diagnosis, and appropriate intervention, 90 percent of HHT affected families are at risk for preventable lifethreatening and disabling medical incidents such as stroke. (5) Early detection, screening, and treatment can prevent premature deaths, spontaneous hemorrhage, hemorrhagic stroke, embolic stroke, brain abscess, and other longterm health care complications resulting from HHT. (6) HHT is an important health condition with serious health consequences which are amenable to early identification and diagnosis with suitable tests, and acceptable and available treatments in established treatment centers. The purpose of this Act is to create a federally led and financed initiative for early diagnosis and appropriate treatment of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia that will result in the reduction of the suffering of families, prevent premature death and disability, and lower health care costs through proven treatment interventions. The Secretary shall establish and implement an HHT initiative to assist in coordinating activities to improve early detection, screening, and treatment of people who suffer from HHT. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall establish a committee to be known as the HHT Coordinating Committee. In place of the 4 members otherwise required to be appointed under paragraph (2)(A)(i), the Secretary may appoint 4 experts in vascular, molecular, or basic science to serve as members of the Committee during the period preceding designation and establishment of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence under section 317U. (F) Vacancies. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION. 247b22) the following: SEC. (2) The identification and conduct of investigations to further develop and support guidelines for diagnosis of, and intervention for, HHT, including costbenefit studies. (5) The conduct or support of public awareness programs in collaboration with medical, genetic, and professional organizations to improve the education of health professionals about HHT. The Director shall carry out this section through collaborative approaches within the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities and the Division for Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (c) Population Screening. In carrying out population screening under subsection (a)(1), the Director shall (1) designate and provide funding for a sufficient number of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence to improve patient access to information, treatment, and care by HHT experts; (2) conduct surveillance through a regional population study, supplemented by sentinel health care provider or center surveillance, and administrative database analyses as useful to accurately identify (A) the prevalence of HHT; and (B) the prevalence of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke and brain abscess, resulting from HHT; (3) include HHT screening questions in the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in order to screen a broader population and more accurately determine the prevalence of HHT; (4) disseminate data collected under paragraph (2)(B) to the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry, to be utilized for analyses of natural history of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke in HHT, and to develop screening and arteryvein malformation treatment guidelines specific to prevention of complications from HHT; (5) develop and implement programs, targeted for physicians and health care professional groups likely to be accessed by families with HHT, to increase HHT diagnosis and treatment rates through the (A) establishment of a partnership with HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence designated under paragraph (1) through the creation of an international database of patients assessed at such HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence (including with respect to phenotype information, genotype information, transfusion dependence, and radiological findings); (B) integration of such database with the universal data collection system used by the Centers for monitoring hemophilia with the blood disorders and the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry; and (C) inclusion of other medical providers who treat HHT patients; and (6) use existing administrative databases on nonHHT Treatment Center of Excellence patients to learn about the natural history of HHT, the efficacy of various treatment modalities, and to better inform and develop screening and treatment guidelines associated with improvement in health care outcomes, and research priorities relevant to HHT. (d) Eligibility for Designation as HHT Treatment Center of Excellence. (2) The academic health center has sufficient personnel with knowledge about HHT, or formal collaboration with partnering organizations for personnel or resources, to be able to (A) respond in a coordinated, multidisciplinary way to patient inquiries; and (B) coordinate evaluation, treatment, and education of patients and their families in a timely manner. (H) Established mechanisms to coordinate surveillance and outreach with HHT patient advocacy organizations. With respect to hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (in this sec referred to as HHT), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall award grants on a competitive basis (1) for an analysis by grantees of the Medicare Provider Analysis and Review (MEDPAR) file to develop preliminary estimates on the total costs to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for items, services, and treatments for HHT furnished to individuals with HHT who are entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title; and (2) to make recommendations regarding an enhanced data collection protocol to permit a more precise determination of the total costs described in paragraph (1). To carry out section 409K of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 4 of this Act, section 317U of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 5 of this Act, and section 6 of this Act, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016.2. The Congress finds as follows: (1) Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is a largely undiagnosed or misdiagnosed vascular genetic bleeding disorder that causes abnormalities of the blood vessels. HHT can cause spontaneous hemorrhage or stroke when brain or lung arteriovenous malformations, which are tangled blood vessels, rupture unexpectedly in all age groups. (2) One in 5,000 American children and adults suffer from HHT. (4) Due to the widespread lack of knowledge, accurate diagnosis, and appropriate intervention, 90 percent of HHT affected families are at risk for preventable lifethreatening and disabling medical incidents such as stroke. (5) Early detection, screening, and treatment can prevent premature deaths, spontaneous hemorrhage, hemorrhagic stroke, embolic stroke, brain abscess, and other longterm health care complications resulting from HHT. (6) HHT is an important health condition with serious health consequences which are amenable to early identification and diagnosis with suitable tests, and acceptable and available treatments in established treatment centers. The purpose of this Act is to create a federally led and financed initiative for early diagnosis and appropriate treatment of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia that will result in the reduction of the suffering of families, prevent premature death and disability, and lower health care costs through proven treatment interventions. The Secretary shall establish and implement an HHT initiative to assist in coordinating activities to improve early detection, screening, and treatment of people who suffer from HHT. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall establish a committee to be known as the HHT Coordinating Committee. In place of the 4 members otherwise required to be appointed under paragraph (2)(A)(i), the Secretary may appoint 4 experts in vascular, molecular, or basic science to serve as members of the Committee during the period preceding designation and establishment of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence under section 317U. (F) Vacancies. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION. 247b22) the following: SEC. (2) The identification and conduct of investigations to further develop and support guidelines for diagnosis of, and intervention for, HHT, including costbenefit studies. (5) The conduct or support of public awareness programs in collaboration with medical, genetic, and professional organizations to improve the education of health professionals about HHT. The Director shall carry out this section through collaborative approaches within the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities and the Division for Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (c) Population Screening. In carrying out population screening under subsection (a)(1), the Director shall (1) designate and provide funding for a sufficient number of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence to improve patient access to information, treatment, and care by HHT experts; (2) conduct surveillance through a regional population study, supplemented by sentinel health care provider or center surveillance, and administrative database analyses as useful to accurately identify (A) the prevalence of HHT; and (B) the prevalence of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke and brain abscess, resulting from HHT; (3) include HHT screening questions in the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in order to screen a broader population and more accurately determine the prevalence of HHT; (4) disseminate data collected under paragraph (2)(B) to the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry, to be utilized for analyses of natural history of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke in HHT, and to develop screening and arteryvein malformation treatment guidelines specific to prevention of complications from HHT; (5) develop and implement programs, targeted for physicians and health care professional groups likely to be accessed by families with HHT, to increase HHT diagnosis and treatment rates through the (A) establishment of a partnership with HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence designated under paragraph (1) through the creation of an international database of patients assessed at such HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence (including with respect to phenotype information, genotype information, transfusion dependence, and radiological findings); (B) integration of such database with the universal data collection system used by the Centers for monitoring hemophilia with the blood disorders and the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry; and (C) inclusion of other medical providers who treat HHT patients; and (6) use existing administrative databases on nonHHT Treatment Center of Excellence patients to learn about the natural history of HHT, the efficacy of various treatment modalities, and to better inform and develop screening and treatment guidelines associated with improvement in health care outcomes, and research priorities relevant to HHT. (d) Eligibility for Designation as HHT Treatment Center of Excellence. (2) The academic health center has sufficient personnel with knowledge about HHT, or formal collaboration with partnering organizations for personnel or resources, to be able to (A) respond in a coordinated, multidisciplinary way to patient inquiries; and (B) coordinate evaluation, treatment, and education of patients and their families in a timely manner. (H) Established mechanisms to coordinate surveillance and outreach with HHT patient advocacy organizations. With respect to hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (in this sec referred to as HHT), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall award grants on a competitive basis (1) for an analysis by grantees of the Medicare Provider Analysis and Review (MEDPAR) file to develop preliminary estimates on the total costs to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for items, services, and treatments for HHT furnished to individuals with HHT who are entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title; and (2) to make recommendations regarding an enhanced data collection protocol to permit a more precise determination of the total costs described in paragraph (1). To carry out section 409K of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 4 of this Act, section 317U of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 5 of this Act, and section 6 of this Act, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016.2. The Congress finds as follows: (1) Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is a largely undiagnosed or misdiagnosed vascular genetic bleeding disorder that causes abnormalities of the blood vessels. HHT can cause spontaneous hemorrhage or stroke when brain or lung arteriovenous malformations, which are tangled blood vessels, rupture unexpectedly in all age groups. (2) One in 5,000 American children and adults suffer from HHT. (4) Due to the widespread lack of knowledge, accurate diagnosis, and appropriate intervention, 90 percent of HHT affected families are at risk for preventable lifethreatening and disabling medical incidents such as stroke. (5) Early detection, screening, and treatment can prevent premature deaths, spontaneous hemorrhage, hemorrhagic stroke, embolic stroke, brain abscess, and other longterm health care complications resulting from HHT. (6) HHT is an important health condition with serious health consequences which are amenable to early identification and diagnosis with suitable tests, and acceptable and available treatments in established treatment centers. The purpose of this Act is to create a federally led and financed initiative for early diagnosis and appropriate treatment of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia that will result in the reduction of the suffering of families, prevent premature death and disability, and lower health care costs through proven treatment interventions. The Secretary shall establish and implement an HHT initiative to assist in coordinating activities to improve early detection, screening, and treatment of people who suffer from HHT. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall establish a committee to be known as the HHT Coordinating Committee. In place of the 4 members otherwise required to be appointed under paragraph (2)(A)(i), the Secretary may appoint 4 experts in vascular, molecular, or basic science to serve as members of the Committee during the period preceding designation and establishment of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence under section 317U. (F) Vacancies. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION. 247b22) the following: SEC. (2) The identification and conduct of investigations to further develop and support guidelines for diagnosis of, and intervention for, HHT, including costbenefit studies. (5) The conduct or support of public awareness programs in collaboration with medical, genetic, and professional organizations to improve the education of health professionals about HHT. The Director shall carry out this section through collaborative approaches within the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities and the Division for Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (c) Population Screening. In carrying out population screening under subsection (a)(1), the Director shall (1) designate and provide funding for a sufficient number of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence to improve patient access to information, treatment, and care by HHT experts; (2) conduct surveillance through a regional population study, supplemented by sentinel health care provider or center surveillance, and administrative database analyses as useful to accurately identify (A) the prevalence of HHT; and (B) the prevalence of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke and brain abscess, resulting from HHT; (3) include HHT screening questions in the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in order to screen a broader population and more accurately determine the prevalence of HHT; (4) disseminate data collected under paragraph (2)(B) to the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry, to be utilized for analyses of natural history of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke in HHT, and to develop screening and arteryvein malformation treatment guidelines specific to prevention of complications from HHT; (5) develop and implement programs, targeted for physicians and health care professional groups likely to be accessed by families with HHT, to increase HHT diagnosis and treatment rates through the (A) establishment of a partnership with HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence designated under paragraph (1) through the creation of an international database of patients assessed at such HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence (including with respect to phenotype information, genotype information, transfusion dependence, and radiological findings); (B) integration of such database with the universal data collection system used by the Centers for monitoring hemophilia with the blood disorders and the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry; and (C) inclusion of other medical providers who treat HHT patients; and (6) use existing administrative databases on nonHHT Treatment Center of Excellence patients to learn about the natural history of HHT, the efficacy of various treatment modalities, and to better inform and develop screening and treatment guidelines associated with improvement in health care outcomes, and research priorities relevant to HHT. (d) Eligibility for Designation as HHT Treatment Center of Excellence. (2) The academic health center has sufficient personnel with knowledge about HHT, or formal collaboration with partnering organizations for personnel or resources, to be able to (A) respond in a coordinated, multidisciplinary way to patient inquiries; and (B) coordinate evaluation, treatment, and education of patients and their families in a timely manner. (H) Established mechanisms to coordinate surveillance and outreach with HHT patient advocacy organizations. With respect to hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (in this sec referred to as HHT), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall award grants on a competitive basis (1) for an analysis by grantees of the Medicare Provider Analysis and Review (MEDPAR) file to develop preliminary estimates on the total costs to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for items, services, and treatments for HHT furnished to individuals with HHT who are entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title; and (2) to make recommendations regarding an enhanced data collection protocol to permit a more precise determination of the total costs described in paragraph (1). To carry out section 409K of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 4 of this Act, section 317U of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 5 of this Act, and section 6 of this Act, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016.2. The Congress finds as follows: (1) Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is a largely undiagnosed or misdiagnosed vascular genetic bleeding disorder that causes abnormalities of the blood vessels. HHT can cause spontaneous hemorrhage or stroke when brain or lung arteriovenous malformations, which are tangled blood vessels, rupture unexpectedly in all age groups. (2) One in 5,000 American children and adults suffer from HHT. (4) Due to the widespread lack of knowledge, accurate diagnosis, and appropriate intervention, 90 percent of HHT affected families are at risk for preventable lifethreatening and disabling medical incidents such as stroke. (5) Early detection, screening, and treatment can prevent premature deaths, spontaneous hemorrhage, hemorrhagic stroke, embolic stroke, brain abscess, and other longterm health care complications resulting from HHT. (6) HHT is an important health condition with serious health consequences which are amenable to early identification and diagnosis with suitable tests, and acceptable and available treatments in established treatment centers. The purpose of this Act is to create a federally led and financed initiative for early diagnosis and appropriate treatment of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia that will result in the reduction of the suffering of families, prevent premature death and disability, and lower health care costs through proven treatment interventions. The Secretary shall establish and implement an HHT initiative to assist in coordinating activities to improve early detection, screening, and treatment of people who suffer from HHT. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall establish a committee to be known as the HHT Coordinating Committee. In place of the 4 members otherwise required to be appointed under paragraph (2)(A)(i), the Secretary may appoint 4 experts in vascular, molecular, or basic science to serve as members of the Committee during the period preceding designation and establishment of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence under section 317U. (F) Vacancies. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION. 247b22) the following: SEC. (2) The identification and conduct of investigations to further develop and support guidelines for diagnosis of, and intervention for, HHT, including costbenefit studies. (5) The conduct or support of public awareness programs in collaboration with medical, genetic, and professional organizations to improve the education of health professionals about HHT. The Director shall carry out this section through collaborative approaches within the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities and the Division for Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (c) Population Screening. In carrying out population screening under subsection (a)(1), the Director shall (1) designate and provide funding for a sufficient number of HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence to improve patient access to information, treatment, and care by HHT experts; (2) conduct surveillance through a regional population study, supplemented by sentinel health care provider or center surveillance, and administrative database analyses as useful to accurately identify (A) the prevalence of HHT; and (B) the prevalence of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke and brain abscess, resulting from HHT; (3) include HHT screening questions in the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in order to screen a broader population and more accurately determine the prevalence of HHT; (4) disseminate data collected under paragraph (2)(B) to the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry, to be utilized for analyses of natural history of hemorrhagic and embolic stroke in HHT, and to develop screening and arteryvein malformation treatment guidelines specific to prevention of complications from HHT; (5) develop and implement programs, targeted for physicians and health care professional groups likely to be accessed by families with HHT, to increase HHT diagnosis and treatment rates through the (A) establishment of a partnership with HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence designated under paragraph (1) through the creation of an international database of patients assessed at such HHT Treatment Centers of Excellence (including with respect to phenotype information, genotype information, transfusion dependence, and radiological findings); (B) integration of such database with the universal data collection system used by the Centers for monitoring hemophilia with the blood disorders and the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry; and (C) inclusion of other medical providers who treat HHT patients; and (6) use existing administrative databases on nonHHT Treatment Center of Excellence patients to learn about the natural history of HHT, the efficacy of various treatment modalities, and to better inform and develop screening and treatment guidelines associated with improvement in health care outcomes, and research priorities relevant to HHT. (d) Eligibility for Designation as HHT Treatment Center of Excellence. (2) The academic health center has sufficient personnel with knowledge about HHT, or formal collaboration with partnering organizations for personnel or resources, to be able to (A) respond in a coordinated, multidisciplinary way to patient inquiries; and (B) coordinate evaluation, treatment, and education of patients and their families in a timely manner. (H) Established mechanisms to coordinate surveillance and outreach with HHT patient advocacy organizations. With respect to hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (in this sec referred to as HHT), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall award grants on a competitive basis (1) for an analysis by grantees of the Medicare Provider Analysis and Review (MEDPAR) file to develop preliminary estimates on the total costs to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for items, services, and treatments for HHT furnished to individuals with HHT who are entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title; and (2) to make recommendations regarding an enhanced data collection protocol to permit a more precise determination of the total costs described in paragraph (1). To carry out section 409K of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 4 of this Act, section 317U of the Public Health Service Act as added by section 5 of this Act, and section 6 of this Act, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016.