TITLE IFINDINGS AND DEFINITIONS SEC. (a) Findings. The Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States trade deficit with Japan has increased substantially over the past decade. (2) The traditional domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly employs more than 1 million workers and indirectly employs several million more. The workers are skilled, hard working, productive, capable, and proud of their work. The workers and their employers have achieved great improvements in quality, performance, fuel economy, safety, and design of domestic motor vehicles. (3) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly and indirectly accounts for about 12 percent of our gross national product and generates more than $200,000,000,000 a year in revenue. (4) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector is a major consumer of steel, glass, textiles, rubber, aluminum, machine tools, chemicals, electronics, and other important products. (5) Recognizing the competitive pressures facing the motor vehicle industry, Japan has operated under a voluntary export restraint arrangement since 1981 that has not been recognized or enforced by the United States Government. (7) Despite these negotiating efforts, in 1992 the United States posted a $49,400,000,000 trade deficit with Japan of which over $30,000,000,000 was accounted for by the automotive sector deficit ($9,800,000,000 of which was attributable to motor vehicle parts), and there is little evidence that the Japanese Government is seriously trying to eliminate such deficits which are detrimental to the United States economy and jobs. (12) Aftermarket parts are likely to account for 50 percent of the motor vehicle parts trade deficit with Japan by 1994 because transplant facilities are not purchasing sufficient quantities of original equipment from United States suppliers. (14) In the 1991 National Trade Estimates Report, the United States Trade Representative listed close and durable relationships between Japanese motor vehicle makers and suppliers as a barrier to United States motor vehicle parts sales in Japan. (17) The home market for motor vehicles and motor vehicle parts in Japan remains largely closed to all foreign manufacturers whose combined market share equals no more than 3 percent. The purpose of this Act is to decrease the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan by providing for a staged merchandise trade deficit reduction over a 5year period. Nothing in this Act shall be construed (1) to confer jurisdiction upon any court of the United States to consider and resolve such conflicts, or (2) to alter or amend any law existing on the date of the enactment of this Act which may confer such jurisdiction in such courts. (A) The term motor vehicle means any article of a kind described in heading 8703 or 8704 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 31. 20 (relating to sparkignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines). (iii) Subheading 8409 (relating to parts suitable for use solely or principally with engines described in clauses (i) and (ii)). (vii) Heading 8708 (relating to bumpers, brakes and servo brakes, gear boxes, drive axles, nondriving axles, road wheels, suspension shock absorbers, radiators, mufflers and exhaust pipes, clutches, steering wheels, steering columns, steering boxes, and other parts and accessories of motor vehicles). (3) Import restriction implementation period. (5) Baseline deficit. TITLE IIMERCHANDISE TRADE DEFICIT REDUCTION SEC. (a) Trade Deficit Reduction Targets. . 80 percent 1995. For calendar year 1998, the 0 percent trade deficit reduction target shall be treated as having been met if the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan during such year does not exceed (A) an amount equal to 5 percent of the value of the aggregate bilateral merchandise trade between the United States and Japan during such year; or (B) $5,000,000,000. (b) Computations. Not later than January 1 following each calendar year listed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall compute whether the trade deficit reduction target for such year was met. The aggregate quantity of Japanese motor vehicles and Japanese motor vehicle parts that may be entered into the United States, during the first calendar year for which an import restriction implementation period is in effect, may not exceed the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicles and the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicle parts entered into the United States during 1993, reduced by 20 percent. Within 30 days after a computation is made under section 201 or 202 with respect to a calendar year, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the bases of the computation. 204.TITLE IFINDINGS AND DEFINITIONS SEC. (a) Findings. The Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States trade deficit with Japan has increased substantially over the past decade. (2) The traditional domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly employs more than 1 million workers and indirectly employs several million more. The workers are skilled, hard working, productive, capable, and proud of their work. The workers and their employers have achieved great improvements in quality, performance, fuel economy, safety, and design of domestic motor vehicles. (3) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly and indirectly accounts for about 12 percent of our gross national product and generates more than $200,000,000,000 a year in revenue. (4) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector is a major consumer of steel, glass, textiles, rubber, aluminum, machine tools, chemicals, electronics, and other important products. (5) Recognizing the competitive pressures facing the motor vehicle industry, Japan has operated under a voluntary export restraint arrangement since 1981 that has not been recognized or enforced by the United States Government. (7) Despite these negotiating efforts, in 1992 the United States posted a $49,400,000,000 trade deficit with Japan of which over $30,000,000,000 was accounted for by the automotive sector deficit ($9,800,000,000 of which was attributable to motor vehicle parts), and there is little evidence that the Japanese Government is seriously trying to eliminate such deficits which are detrimental to the United States economy and jobs. (12) Aftermarket parts are likely to account for 50 percent of the motor vehicle parts trade deficit with Japan by 1994 because transplant facilities are not purchasing sufficient quantities of original equipment from United States suppliers. (14) In the 1991 National Trade Estimates Report, the United States Trade Representative listed close and durable relationships between Japanese motor vehicle makers and suppliers as a barrier to United States motor vehicle parts sales in Japan. (17) The home market for motor vehicles and motor vehicle parts in Japan remains largely closed to all foreign manufacturers whose combined market share equals no more than 3 percent. The purpose of this Act is to decrease the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan by providing for a staged merchandise trade deficit reduction over a 5year period. Nothing in this Act shall be construed (1) to confer jurisdiction upon any court of the United States to consider and resolve such conflicts, or (2) to alter or amend any law existing on the date of the enactment of this Act which may confer such jurisdiction in such courts. (A) The term motor vehicle means any article of a kind described in heading 8703 or 8704 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 31. 20 (relating to sparkignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines). (iii) Subheading 8409 (relating to parts suitable for use solely or principally with engines described in clauses (i) and (ii)). (vii) Heading 8708 (relating to bumpers, brakes and servo brakes, gear boxes, drive axles, nondriving axles, road wheels, suspension shock absorbers, radiators, mufflers and exhaust pipes, clutches, steering wheels, steering columns, steering boxes, and other parts and accessories of motor vehicles). (3) Import restriction implementation period. (5) Baseline deficit. TITLE IIMERCHANDISE TRADE DEFICIT REDUCTION SEC. (a) Trade Deficit Reduction Targets. . 80 percent 1995. For calendar year 1998, the 0 percent trade deficit reduction target shall be treated as having been met if the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan during such year does not exceed (A) an amount equal to 5 percent of the value of the aggregate bilateral merchandise trade between the United States and Japan during such year; or (B) $5,000,000,000. (b) Computations. Not later than January 1 following each calendar year listed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall compute whether the trade deficit reduction target for such year was met. The aggregate quantity of Japanese motor vehicles and Japanese motor vehicle parts that may be entered into the United States, during the first calendar year for which an import restriction implementation period is in effect, may not exceed the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicles and the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicle parts entered into the United States during 1993, reduced by 20 percent. Within 30 days after a computation is made under section 201 or 202 with respect to a calendar year, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the bases of the computation. 204.TITLE IFINDINGS AND DEFINITIONS SEC. (a) Findings. The Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States trade deficit with Japan has increased substantially over the past decade. (2) The traditional domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly employs more than 1 million workers and indirectly employs several million more. The workers are skilled, hard working, productive, capable, and proud of their work. The workers and their employers have achieved great improvements in quality, performance, fuel economy, safety, and design of domestic motor vehicles. (3) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly and indirectly accounts for about 12 percent of our gross national product and generates more than $200,000,000,000 a year in revenue. (4) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector is a major consumer of steel, glass, textiles, rubber, aluminum, machine tools, chemicals, electronics, and other important products. (5) Recognizing the competitive pressures facing the motor vehicle industry, Japan has operated under a voluntary export restraint arrangement since 1981 that has not been recognized or enforced by the United States Government. (7) Despite these negotiating efforts, in 1992 the United States posted a $49,400,000,000 trade deficit with Japan of which over $30,000,000,000 was accounted for by the automotive sector deficit ($9,800,000,000 of which was attributable to motor vehicle parts), and there is little evidence that the Japanese Government is seriously trying to eliminate such deficits which are detrimental to the United States economy and jobs. (12) Aftermarket parts are likely to account for 50 percent of the motor vehicle parts trade deficit with Japan by 1994 because transplant facilities are not purchasing sufficient quantities of original equipment from United States suppliers. (14) In the 1991 National Trade Estimates Report, the United States Trade Representative listed close and durable relationships between Japanese motor vehicle makers and suppliers as a barrier to United States motor vehicle parts sales in Japan. (17) The home market for motor vehicles and motor vehicle parts in Japan remains largely closed to all foreign manufacturers whose combined market share equals no more than 3 percent. The purpose of this Act is to decrease the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan by providing for a staged merchandise trade deficit reduction over a 5year period. Nothing in this Act shall be construed (1) to confer jurisdiction upon any court of the United States to consider and resolve such conflicts, or (2) to alter or amend any law existing on the date of the enactment of this Act which may confer such jurisdiction in such courts. (A) The term motor vehicle means any article of a kind described in heading 8703 or 8704 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 31. 20 (relating to sparkignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines). (iii) Subheading 8409 (relating to parts suitable for use solely or principally with engines described in clauses (i) and (ii)). (vii) Heading 8708 (relating to bumpers, brakes and servo brakes, gear boxes, drive axles, nondriving axles, road wheels, suspension shock absorbers, radiators, mufflers and exhaust pipes, clutches, steering wheels, steering columns, steering boxes, and other parts and accessories of motor vehicles). (3) Import restriction implementation period. (5) Baseline deficit. TITLE IIMERCHANDISE TRADE DEFICIT REDUCTION SEC. (a) Trade Deficit Reduction Targets. . 80 percent 1995. For calendar year 1998, the 0 percent trade deficit reduction target shall be treated as having been met if the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan during such year does not exceed (A) an amount equal to 5 percent of the value of the aggregate bilateral merchandise trade between the United States and Japan during such year; or (B) $5,000,000,000. (b) Computations. Not later than January 1 following each calendar year listed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall compute whether the trade deficit reduction target for such year was met. The aggregate quantity of Japanese motor vehicles and Japanese motor vehicle parts that may be entered into the United States, during the first calendar year for which an import restriction implementation period is in effect, may not exceed the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicles and the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicle parts entered into the United States during 1993, reduced by 20 percent. Within 30 days after a computation is made under section 201 or 202 with respect to a calendar year, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the bases of the computation. 204.TITLE IFINDINGS AND DEFINITIONS SEC. (a) Findings. The Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States trade deficit with Japan has increased substantially over the past decade. (2) The traditional domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly employs more than 1 million workers and indirectly employs several million more. The workers are skilled, hard working, productive, capable, and proud of their work. The workers and their employers have achieved great improvements in quality, performance, fuel economy, safety, and design of domestic motor vehicles. (3) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector directly and indirectly accounts for about 12 percent of our gross national product and generates more than $200,000,000,000 a year in revenue. (4) The domestic motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts sector is a major consumer of steel, glass, textiles, rubber, aluminum, machine tools, chemicals, electronics, and other important products. (5) Recognizing the competitive pressures facing the motor vehicle industry, Japan has operated under a voluntary export restraint arrangement since 1981 that has not been recognized or enforced by the United States Government. (7) Despite these negotiating efforts, in 1992 the United States posted a $49,400,000,000 trade deficit with Japan of which over $30,000,000,000 was accounted for by the automotive sector deficit ($9,800,000,000 of which was attributable to motor vehicle parts), and there is little evidence that the Japanese Government is seriously trying to eliminate such deficits which are detrimental to the United States economy and jobs. (12) Aftermarket parts are likely to account for 50 percent of the motor vehicle parts trade deficit with Japan by 1994 because transplant facilities are not purchasing sufficient quantities of original equipment from United States suppliers. (14) In the 1991 National Trade Estimates Report, the United States Trade Representative listed close and durable relationships between Japanese motor vehicle makers and suppliers as a barrier to United States motor vehicle parts sales in Japan. (17) The home market for motor vehicles and motor vehicle parts in Japan remains largely closed to all foreign manufacturers whose combined market share equals no more than 3 percent. The purpose of this Act is to decrease the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan by providing for a staged merchandise trade deficit reduction over a 5year period. Nothing in this Act shall be construed (1) to confer jurisdiction upon any court of the United States to consider and resolve such conflicts, or (2) to alter or amend any law existing on the date of the enactment of this Act which may confer such jurisdiction in such courts. (A) The term motor vehicle means any article of a kind described in heading 8703 or 8704 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 31. 20 (relating to sparkignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines). (iii) Subheading 8409 (relating to parts suitable for use solely or principally with engines described in clauses (i) and (ii)). (vii) Heading 8708 (relating to bumpers, brakes and servo brakes, gear boxes, drive axles, nondriving axles, road wheels, suspension shock absorbers, radiators, mufflers and exhaust pipes, clutches, steering wheels, steering columns, steering boxes, and other parts and accessories of motor vehicles). (3) Import restriction implementation period. (5) Baseline deficit. TITLE IIMERCHANDISE TRADE DEFICIT REDUCTION SEC. (a) Trade Deficit Reduction Targets. . 80 percent 1995. For calendar year 1998, the 0 percent trade deficit reduction target shall be treated as having been met if the merchandise trade deficit of the United States with Japan during such year does not exceed (A) an amount equal to 5 percent of the value of the aggregate bilateral merchandise trade between the United States and Japan during such year; or (B) $5,000,000,000. (b) Computations. Not later than January 1 following each calendar year listed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall compute whether the trade deficit reduction target for such year was met. The aggregate quantity of Japanese motor vehicles and Japanese motor vehicle parts that may be entered into the United States, during the first calendar year for which an import restriction implementation period is in effect, may not exceed the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicles and the aggregate quantity of such motor vehicle parts entered into the United States during 1993, reduced by 20 percent. Within 30 days after a computation is made under section 201 or 202 with respect to a calendar year, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the bases of the computation. 204.