SEC. 2. (a) Extension of PostEmployment Ban on Lobbying for Certain Former Government Employees. Section 207 of title 18, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (c) (A) in the subsection heading, by striking One year and inserting TwoYear; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) by striking within 1 year after and inserting within 2 years after; and (ii) by striking within 1 year before such termination; and (C) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: (D) Not later than 30 days after a waiver is granted under subparagraph (C), the waiver shall be published in the Federal Register and accompanied by a signed statement by the Director of the Office of Government Ethics describing in detail the reasons for providing such waiver unless such a description would compromise national security. ; (2) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter following subparagraph (C), by striking within 2 years and inserting within 5 years; and (3) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking in such position and all that follows through terminated. (b) Lifetime Ban on Representation of Foreign Entities for Certain HighLevel Former Employees. An individual described in this paragraph is any individual who was (A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (relating to the Executive Schedule); (B) a limited term appointee, limited emergency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or (C) employed in a position of a confidential or policydetermining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Chapter 11 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 219 the following new section: Sec. (b)(1) The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Counsel to the President, may waive the requirements of subsection (a) with respect to any individual covered by such subsection if the Director certifies, in writing, to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees of jurisdiction, that it is in the public interest to grant the waiver. (c)(1) In this section, the term `lobbying activity' means, with respect to an individual, knowingly making, with the intent to influence, any communication to or appearance before any officer or employee of the Federal Government on behalf of another person as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization, in connection with any matter on which such person seeks official action by such officer or employee of the Federal Government. The previous sentence applies only with respect to an individual who spends greater than 20% of the individual's time as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization engaged in such lobbying activity. (2) In paragraph (1), the term `lobbying firm' means any firm, corporation, or limited liability company in which (A) employees of the firm in the aggregate make 2 or more lobbying contacts at any time on behalf of a particular client; and (B) the firm receives or expects to receive from a particular client for matters related to lobbying activities at least the amount specified in section 4(a)(3)(A) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U. S. 1603(a)(3)(A)) in the quarterly period during which registration would be made under such Act. (d) In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) The term `agency' means an `Executive agency' (as that term is defined in section 105 of title 5), the Executive Office of the President, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission, but does not include the Government Accountability Office. (3) The term `directly and substantially related to former employer or former clients' means matters in which the individual's former employer or a former client is a party or represents a party. (4) The term `former client' means any person for whom the individual served personally as agent, attorney, or consultant, but does include instances where the service provided was limited to a speech or similar appearance or clients of the individual's former employer to whom the individual did not personally provide services.SEC. 2. (a) Extension of PostEmployment Ban on Lobbying for Certain Former Government Employees. Section 207 of title 18, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (c) (A) in the subsection heading, by striking One year and inserting TwoYear; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) by striking within 1 year after and inserting within 2 years after; and (ii) by striking within 1 year before such termination; and (C) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: (D) Not later than 30 days after a waiver is granted under subparagraph (C), the waiver shall be published in the Federal Register and accompanied by a signed statement by the Director of the Office of Government Ethics describing in detail the reasons for providing such waiver unless such a description would compromise national security. ; (2) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter following subparagraph (C), by striking within 2 years and inserting within 5 years; and (3) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking in such position and all that follows through terminated. (b) Lifetime Ban on Representation of Foreign Entities for Certain HighLevel Former Employees. An individual described in this paragraph is any individual who was (A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (relating to the Executive Schedule); (B) a limited term appointee, limited emergency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or (C) employed in a position of a confidential or policydetermining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Chapter 11 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 219 the following new section: Sec. (b)(1) The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Counsel to the President, may waive the requirements of subsection (a) with respect to any individual covered by such subsection if the Director certifies, in writing, to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees of jurisdiction, that it is in the public interest to grant the waiver. (c)(1) In this section, the term `lobbying activity' means, with respect to an individual, knowingly making, with the intent to influence, any communication to or appearance before any officer or employee of the Federal Government on behalf of another person as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization, in connection with any matter on which such person seeks official action by such officer or employee of the Federal Government. The previous sentence applies only with respect to an individual who spends greater than 20% of the individual's time as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization engaged in such lobbying activity. (2) In paragraph (1), the term `lobbying firm' means any firm, corporation, or limited liability company in which (A) employees of the firm in the aggregate make 2 or more lobbying contacts at any time on behalf of a particular client; and (B) the firm receives or expects to receive from a particular client for matters related to lobbying activities at least the amount specified in section 4(a)(3)(A) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U. S. 1603(a)(3)(A)) in the quarterly period during which registration would be made under such Act. (d) In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) The term `agency' means an `Executive agency' (as that term is defined in section 105 of title 5), the Executive Office of the President, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission, but does not include the Government Accountability Office. (3) The term `directly and substantially related to former employer or former clients' means matters in which the individual's former employer or a former client is a party or represents a party. (4) The term `former client' means any person for whom the individual served personally as agent, attorney, or consultant, but does include instances where the service provided was limited to a speech or similar appearance or clients of the individual's former employer to whom the individual did not personally provide services.SEC. 2. (a) Extension of PostEmployment Ban on Lobbying for Certain Former Government Employees. Section 207 of title 18, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (c) (A) in the subsection heading, by striking One year and inserting TwoYear; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) by striking within 1 year after and inserting within 2 years after; and (ii) by striking within 1 year before such termination; and (C) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: (D) Not later than 30 days after a waiver is granted under subparagraph (C), the waiver shall be published in the Federal Register and accompanied by a signed statement by the Director of the Office of Government Ethics describing in detail the reasons for providing such waiver unless such a description would compromise national security. ; (2) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter following subparagraph (C), by striking within 2 years and inserting within 5 years; and (3) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking in such position and all that follows through terminated. (b) Lifetime Ban on Representation of Foreign Entities for Certain HighLevel Former Employees. An individual described in this paragraph is any individual who was (A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (relating to the Executive Schedule); (B) a limited term appointee, limited emergency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or (C) employed in a position of a confidential or policydetermining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Chapter 11 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 219 the following new section: Sec. (b)(1) The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Counsel to the President, may waive the requirements of subsection (a) with respect to any individual covered by such subsection if the Director certifies, in writing, to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees of jurisdiction, that it is in the public interest to grant the waiver. (c)(1) In this section, the term `lobbying activity' means, with respect to an individual, knowingly making, with the intent to influence, any communication to or appearance before any officer or employee of the Federal Government on behalf of another person as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization, in connection with any matter on which such person seeks official action by such officer or employee of the Federal Government. The previous sentence applies only with respect to an individual who spends greater than 20% of the individual's time as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization engaged in such lobbying activity. (2) In paragraph (1), the term `lobbying firm' means any firm, corporation, or limited liability company in which (A) employees of the firm in the aggregate make 2 or more lobbying contacts at any time on behalf of a particular client; and (B) the firm receives or expects to receive from a particular client for matters related to lobbying activities at least the amount specified in section 4(a)(3)(A) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U. S. 1603(a)(3)(A)) in the quarterly period during which registration would be made under such Act. (d) In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) The term `agency' means an `Executive agency' (as that term is defined in section 105 of title 5), the Executive Office of the President, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission, but does not include the Government Accountability Office. (3) The term `directly and substantially related to former employer or former clients' means matters in which the individual's former employer or a former client is a party or represents a party. (4) The term `former client' means any person for whom the individual served personally as agent, attorney, or consultant, but does include instances where the service provided was limited to a speech or similar appearance or clients of the individual's former employer to whom the individual did not personally provide services.SEC. 2. (a) Extension of PostEmployment Ban on Lobbying for Certain Former Government Employees. Section 207 of title 18, United States Code, is amended (1) in subsection (c) (A) in the subsection heading, by striking One year and inserting TwoYear; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) by striking within 1 year after and inserting within 2 years after; and (ii) by striking within 1 year before such termination; and (C) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: (D) Not later than 30 days after a waiver is granted under subparagraph (C), the waiver shall be published in the Federal Register and accompanied by a signed statement by the Director of the Office of Government Ethics describing in detail the reasons for providing such waiver unless such a description would compromise national security. ; (2) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter following subparagraph (C), by striking within 2 years and inserting within 5 years; and (3) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking in such position and all that follows through terminated. (b) Lifetime Ban on Representation of Foreign Entities for Certain HighLevel Former Employees. An individual described in this paragraph is any individual who was (A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (relating to the Executive Schedule); (B) a limited term appointee, limited emergency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or (C) employed in a position of a confidential or policydetermining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Chapter 11 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 219 the following new section: Sec. (b)(1) The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Counsel to the President, may waive the requirements of subsection (a) with respect to any individual covered by such subsection if the Director certifies, in writing, to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees of jurisdiction, that it is in the public interest to grant the waiver. (c)(1) In this section, the term `lobbying activity' means, with respect to an individual, knowingly making, with the intent to influence, any communication to or appearance before any officer or employee of the Federal Government on behalf of another person as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization, in connection with any matter on which such person seeks official action by such officer or employee of the Federal Government. The previous sentence applies only with respect to an individual who spends greater than 20% of the individual's time as an employee of a lobbying firm or lobbying organization engaged in such lobbying activity. (2) In paragraph (1), the term `lobbying firm' means any firm, corporation, or limited liability company in which (A) employees of the firm in the aggregate make 2 or more lobbying contacts at any time on behalf of a particular client; and (B) the firm receives or expects to receive from a particular client for matters related to lobbying activities at least the amount specified in section 4(a)(3)(A) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U. S. 1603(a)(3)(A)) in the quarterly period during which registration would be made under such Act. (d) In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) The term `agency' means an `Executive agency' (as that term is defined in section 105 of title 5), the Executive Office of the President, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission, but does not include the Government Accountability Office. (3) The term `directly and substantially related to former employer or former clients' means matters in which the individual's former employer or a former client is a party or represents a party. (4) The term `former client' means any person for whom the individual served personally as agent, attorney, or consultant, but does include instances where the service provided was limited to a speech or similar appearance or clients of the individual's former employer to whom the individual did not personally provide services.