PAYMENT OF BENEFITS FOR MONTH OF RECIPIENT'S DEATH. S. C. 402(a)) is amended by striking the month preceding in the matter following subparagraph (B). (1) In general. 402(b)(1)) is amended (A) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately following clause (ii) and inserting and ending with the month in which she dies or (if earlier) with the month; (B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (K) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively. 402(d)(1)) is amended (1) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately preceding subparagraph (D) and inserting and ending with the month in which such child dies or (if earlier) with the month; and (2) by striking dies, or in subparagraph (D). 402(f)(1)) is amended by striking ending with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries, dies, in the matter following subparagraph (F) and inserting ending with the month in which he dies or (if earlier) with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries,. (i) Disability Insurance Benefits. Payment of such benefit for such month shall be made as provided in section 204(d). This subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to such benefit provided by this title have been made. 428) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Last Payment of Benefit Terminated by Death (i) The amount of any individual's monthly benefit under this section paid for the month in which the individual dies shall be an amount equal to (1) the amount of such benefit (as determined without regard to this subsection), multiplied by (2) a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days in such month preceding the date of such individual's death, and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such month, rounded, if not a multiple of $1, to the next lower multiple of $1. EFFECTIVE DATE.PAYMENT OF BENEFITS FOR MONTH OF RECIPIENT'S DEATH. S. C. 402(a)) is amended by striking the month preceding in the matter following subparagraph (B). (1) In general. 402(b)(1)) is amended (A) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately following clause (ii) and inserting and ending with the month in which she dies or (if earlier) with the month; (B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (K) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively. 402(d)(1)) is amended (1) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately preceding subparagraph (D) and inserting and ending with the month in which such child dies or (if earlier) with the month; and (2) by striking dies, or in subparagraph (D). 402(f)(1)) is amended by striking ending with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries, dies, in the matter following subparagraph (F) and inserting ending with the month in which he dies or (if earlier) with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries,. (i) Disability Insurance Benefits. Payment of such benefit for such month shall be made as provided in section 204(d). This subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to such benefit provided by this title have been made. 428) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Last Payment of Benefit Terminated by Death (i) The amount of any individual's monthly benefit under this section paid for the month in which the individual dies shall be an amount equal to (1) the amount of such benefit (as determined without regard to this subsection), multiplied by (2) a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days in such month preceding the date of such individual's death, and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such month, rounded, if not a multiple of $1, to the next lower multiple of $1. EFFECTIVE DATE.PAYMENT OF BENEFITS FOR MONTH OF RECIPIENT'S DEATH. S. C. 402(a)) is amended by striking the month preceding in the matter following subparagraph (B). (1) In general. 402(b)(1)) is amended (A) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately following clause (ii) and inserting and ending with the month in which she dies or (if earlier) with the month; (B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (K) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively. 402(d)(1)) is amended (1) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately preceding subparagraph (D) and inserting and ending with the month in which such child dies or (if earlier) with the month; and (2) by striking dies, or in subparagraph (D). 402(f)(1)) is amended by striking ending with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries, dies, in the matter following subparagraph (F) and inserting ending with the month in which he dies or (if earlier) with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries,. (i) Disability Insurance Benefits. Payment of such benefit for such month shall be made as provided in section 204(d). This subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to such benefit provided by this title have been made. 428) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Last Payment of Benefit Terminated by Death (i) The amount of any individual's monthly benefit under this section paid for the month in which the individual dies shall be an amount equal to (1) the amount of such benefit (as determined without regard to this subsection), multiplied by (2) a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days in such month preceding the date of such individual's death, and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such month, rounded, if not a multiple of $1, to the next lower multiple of $1. EFFECTIVE DATE.PAYMENT OF BENEFITS FOR MONTH OF RECIPIENT'S DEATH. S. C. 402(a)) is amended by striking the month preceding in the matter following subparagraph (B). (1) In general. 402(b)(1)) is amended (A) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately following clause (ii) and inserting and ending with the month in which she dies or (if earlier) with the month; (B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (K) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively. 402(d)(1)) is amended (1) by striking and ending with the month in the matter immediately preceding subparagraph (D) and inserting and ending with the month in which such child dies or (if earlier) with the month; and (2) by striking dies, or in subparagraph (D). 402(f)(1)) is amended by striking ending with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries, dies, in the matter following subparagraph (F) and inserting ending with the month in which he dies or (if earlier) with the month preceding the first month in which any of the following occurs: he remarries,. (i) Disability Insurance Benefits. Payment of such benefit for such month shall be made as provided in section 204(d). This subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to such benefit provided by this title have been made. 428) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Last Payment of Benefit Terminated by Death (i) The amount of any individual's monthly benefit under this section paid for the month in which the individual dies shall be an amount equal to (1) the amount of such benefit (as determined without regard to this subsection), multiplied by (2) a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days in such month preceding the date of such individual's death, and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such month, rounded, if not a multiple of $1, to the next lower multiple of $1. EFFECTIVE DATE.