SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds the following: (1) Weather, climate change, and climate variability affect public safety, environmental services and security, human health, agriculture, energy use, water resources, and other factors vital to national security and human welfare. (2) Climate forecasts create opportunities for society to prepare, potentially reducing the costs of climaterelated events, as well as serving national needs related to enhancing economic growth, managing risk, protecting life and property, and promoting environmental stewardship. (4) The United States lacks adequate research, infrastructure, and coordinated outreach and communication mechanisms to meet national climate monitoring, prediction, and decision support needs for adapting to and mitigating the impacts of climate change and climate variability. (5) Increasing societal resilience to climate impacts requires understanding climate trends and variations as well as possible, understanding the impacts of climate on human and nonhuman systems, providing decisionrelevant tools based on that information, and increasing society's capacity to act on that information. SEC. PURPOSE. The Service shall inform the public through the sustained production and delivery of authoritative, timely, useful information about impacts on local, State, regional, tribal, national, and global scales. The Service shall be usercentric, by ensuring that the information is accessible, consistent with users' ability to respond, and based on user needs and limitations. The Service, at minimum, shall (A) serve as a clearinghouse and technical access point to stakeholders for regionally and nationally relevant information on climate, climate impacts, and adaptation, developing comprehensive databases of information relevant to specific regional and national stakeholder needs; (B) provide education on climate impacts, vulnerabilities, and application of climate information in decisionmaking; (C) design decisionsupport tools that facilitate use of climate information in stakeholders' nearterm operations and longterm planning (D) facilitate user access to climate and climate impacts experts for technical assistance in use of climate information and to inform the climate forecast community of their information needs; (E) provide researcher, modeler, and observations experts access to users to help guide direction of research, modeling, and observation activities; and (F) propose and evaluate adaptation strategies for climate variability and change. (4) Specific functions. Within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives a plan of action for the National Climate Service. The Administrator shall, in consultation with the Chairmen and ranking minority members of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the National Academy of Sciences, appoint the membership of a National Climate Service Advisory Council, with members serving 4year terms, that shall include a diverse membership from appropriate Federal, State, and local government, universities, and nongovernment and private sectors who use climate information and cover a range of sectors, such as water, drought, fisheries, coasts, agriculture, health, natural resources, transportation, and insurance. CONTRACT AND GRANT AUTHORITY. The term Administrator means the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (2) Advisory council. (2) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2012.SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds the following: (1) Weather, climate change, and climate variability affect public safety, environmental services and security, human health, agriculture, energy use, water resources, and other factors vital to national security and human welfare. (2) Climate forecasts create opportunities for society to prepare, potentially reducing the costs of climaterelated events, as well as serving national needs related to enhancing economic growth, managing risk, protecting life and property, and promoting environmental stewardship. (4) The United States lacks adequate research, infrastructure, and coordinated outreach and communication mechanisms to meet national climate monitoring, prediction, and decision support needs for adapting to and mitigating the impacts of climate change and climate variability. (5) Increasing societal resilience to climate impacts requires understanding climate trends and variations as well as possible, understanding the impacts of climate on human and nonhuman systems, providing decisionrelevant tools based on that information, and increasing society's capacity to act on that information. SEC. PURPOSE. The Service shall inform the public through the sustained production and delivery of authoritative, timely, useful information about impacts on local, State, regional, tribal, national, and global scales. The Service shall be usercentric, by ensuring that the information is accessible, consistent with users' ability to respond, and based on user needs and limitations. The Service, at minimum, shall (A) serve as a clearinghouse and technical access point to stakeholders for regionally and nationally relevant information on climate, climate impacts, and adaptation, developing comprehensive databases of information relevant to specific regional and national stakeholder needs; (B) provide education on climate impacts, vulnerabilities, and application of climate information in decisionmaking; (C) design decisionsupport tools that facilitate use of climate information in stakeholders' nearterm operations and longterm planning (D) facilitate user access to climate and climate impacts experts for technical assistance in use of climate information and to inform the climate forecast community of their information needs; (E) provide researcher, modeler, and observations experts access to users to help guide direction of research, modeling, and observation activities; and (F) propose and evaluate adaptation strategies for climate variability and change. (4) Specific functions. Within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives a plan of action for the National Climate Service. The Administrator shall, in consultation with the Chairmen and ranking minority members of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the National Academy of Sciences, appoint the membership of a National Climate Service Advisory Council, with members serving 4year terms, that shall include a diverse membership from appropriate Federal, State, and local government, universities, and nongovernment and private sectors who use climate information and cover a range of sectors, such as water, drought, fisheries, coasts, agriculture, health, natural resources, transportation, and insurance. CONTRACT AND GRANT AUTHORITY. The term Administrator means the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (2) Advisory council. (2) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2012.SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds the following: (1) Weather, climate change, and climate variability affect public safety, environmental services and security, human health, agriculture, energy use, water resources, and other factors vital to national security and human welfare. (2) Climate forecasts create opportunities for society to prepare, potentially reducing the costs of climaterelated events, as well as serving national needs related to enhancing economic growth, managing risk, protecting life and property, and promoting environmental stewardship. (4) The United States lacks adequate research, infrastructure, and coordinated outreach and communication mechanisms to meet national climate monitoring, prediction, and decision support needs for adapting to and mitigating the impacts of climate change and climate variability. (5) Increasing societal resilience to climate impacts requires understanding climate trends and variations as well as possible, understanding the impacts of climate on human and nonhuman systems, providing decisionrelevant tools based on that information, and increasing society's capacity to act on that information. SEC. PURPOSE. The Service shall inform the public through the sustained production and delivery of authoritative, timely, useful information about impacts on local, State, regional, tribal, national, and global scales. The Service shall be usercentric, by ensuring that the information is accessible, consistent with users' ability to respond, and based on user needs and limitations. The Service, at minimum, shall (A) serve as a clearinghouse and technical access point to stakeholders for regionally and nationally relevant information on climate, climate impacts, and adaptation, developing comprehensive databases of information relevant to specific regional and national stakeholder needs; (B) provide education on climate impacts, vulnerabilities, and application of climate information in decisionmaking; (C) design decisionsupport tools that facilitate use of climate information in stakeholders' nearterm operations and longterm planning (D) facilitate user access to climate and climate impacts experts for technical assistance in use of climate information and to inform the climate forecast community of their information needs; (E) provide researcher, modeler, and observations experts access to users to help guide direction of research, modeling, and observation activities; and (F) propose and evaluate adaptation strategies for climate variability and change. (4) Specific functions. Within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives a plan of action for the National Climate Service. The Administrator shall, in consultation with the Chairmen and ranking minority members of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the National Academy of Sciences, appoint the membership of a National Climate Service Advisory Council, with members serving 4year terms, that shall include a diverse membership from appropriate Federal, State, and local government, universities, and nongovernment and private sectors who use climate information and cover a range of sectors, such as water, drought, fisheries, coasts, agriculture, health, natural resources, transportation, and insurance. CONTRACT AND GRANT AUTHORITY. The term Administrator means the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (2) Advisory council. (2) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2012.SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds the following: (1) Weather, climate change, and climate variability affect public safety, environmental services and security, human health, agriculture, energy use, water resources, and other factors vital to national security and human welfare. (2) Climate forecasts create opportunities for society to prepare, potentially reducing the costs of climaterelated events, as well as serving national needs related to enhancing economic growth, managing risk, protecting life and property, and promoting environmental stewardship. (4) The United States lacks adequate research, infrastructure, and coordinated outreach and communication mechanisms to meet national climate monitoring, prediction, and decision support needs for adapting to and mitigating the impacts of climate change and climate variability. (5) Increasing societal resilience to climate impacts requires understanding climate trends and variations as well as possible, understanding the impacts of climate on human and nonhuman systems, providing decisionrelevant tools based on that information, and increasing society's capacity to act on that information. SEC. PURPOSE. The Service shall inform the public through the sustained production and delivery of authoritative, timely, useful information about impacts on local, State, regional, tribal, national, and global scales. The Service shall be usercentric, by ensuring that the information is accessible, consistent with users' ability to respond, and based on user needs and limitations. The Service, at minimum, shall (A) serve as a clearinghouse and technical access point to stakeholders for regionally and nationally relevant information on climate, climate impacts, and adaptation, developing comprehensive databases of information relevant to specific regional and national stakeholder needs; (B) provide education on climate impacts, vulnerabilities, and application of climate information in decisionmaking; (C) design decisionsupport tools that facilitate use of climate information in stakeholders' nearterm operations and longterm planning (D) facilitate user access to climate and climate impacts experts for technical assistance in use of climate information and to inform the climate forecast community of their information needs; (E) provide researcher, modeler, and observations experts access to users to help guide direction of research, modeling, and observation activities; and (F) propose and evaluate adaptation strategies for climate variability and change. (4) Specific functions. Within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives a plan of action for the National Climate Service. The Administrator shall, in consultation with the Chairmen and ranking minority members of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the National Academy of Sciences, appoint the membership of a National Climate Service Advisory Council, with members serving 4year terms, that shall include a diverse membership from appropriate Federal, State, and local government, universities, and nongovernment and private sectors who use climate information and cover a range of sectors, such as water, drought, fisheries, coasts, agriculture, health, natural resources, transportation, and insurance. CONTRACT AND GRANT AUTHORITY. The term Administrator means the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (2) Advisory council. (2) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2012.