2. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION. The initial membership of the Commission shall be the members of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994. (2) 2 members of the Commission shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendations of the majority leader and the minority leader, and of the members appointed not more than one shall be appointed from the same political party. (c) Terms. (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the individuals serving as Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994 shall initially fill those roles on the Commission. (2) Thereafter the President may, with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission's members, designate a Chairperson or Vice Chairperson, as the case may be, from among the Commission's members. 5 members of the Commission constitute a quorum of the Commission. SEC. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. The Commission (1) shall investigate allegations in writing under oath or affirmation relating to deprivations (A) because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin; or (B) as a result of any pattern or practice of fraud; of the right of citizens of the United States to vote and have votes counted; and (2) shall (A) study and collect information relating to; (B) make appraisals of the laws and policies of the Federal Government with respect to; (C) serve as a national clearinghouse for information relating to; and (D) prepare public service announcements and advertising campaigns to discourage; discrimination or denials of equal protection of the laws under the Constitution of the United States because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin, or in the administration of justice. Nothing in this or any other Act shall be construed as authorizing the Commission, its advisory committees, or any person under its supervision or control, to inquire into or investigate any membership practices or internal operations of any fraternal organization, any college or university fraternity or sorority, any private club, or any religious organization. The Commission shall submit such other reports to the President and the Congress as the Commission, the Congress, or the President shall deem appropriate. The Commission shall establish at least one such committee in each State and the District of Columbia composed of citizens of that State or District. (2) Power to issue subpoenas. Such a subpoena may not require the presence of a witness more than 100 miles outside the place wherein the witness is found or resides or is domiciled or transacts business, or has appointed an agent for receipt of service of process. (3) Witness fees. (1) Director. There shall be a fulltime staff director for the Commission who shall (A) serve as the administrative head of the Commission; and (B) be appointed by the President with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission. Within the limitation of its appropriations, the Commission may (A) appoint such other personnel as it deems advisable, under the civil service and classification laws; and (B) procure services, as authorized in section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not in excess of the daily equivalent paid for positions at the maximum rate for GS15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. This limitation shall apply with respect to services of members of the Commission as it does with respect to services by other persons. The Commission may make such rules as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. There are authorized to be appropriated, to carry out this Act $9,500,000 for fiscal year 1995.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION. The initial membership of the Commission shall be the members of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994. (2) 2 members of the Commission shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendations of the majority leader and the minority leader, and of the members appointed not more than one shall be appointed from the same political party. (c) Terms. (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the individuals serving as Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994 shall initially fill those roles on the Commission. (2) Thereafter the President may, with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission's members, designate a Chairperson or Vice Chairperson, as the case may be, from among the Commission's members. 5 members of the Commission constitute a quorum of the Commission. SEC. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. The Commission (1) shall investigate allegations in writing under oath or affirmation relating to deprivations (A) because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin; or (B) as a result of any pattern or practice of fraud; of the right of citizens of the United States to vote and have votes counted; and (2) shall (A) study and collect information relating to; (B) make appraisals of the laws and policies of the Federal Government with respect to; (C) serve as a national clearinghouse for information relating to; and (D) prepare public service announcements and advertising campaigns to discourage; discrimination or denials of equal protection of the laws under the Constitution of the United States because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin, or in the administration of justice. Nothing in this or any other Act shall be construed as authorizing the Commission, its advisory committees, or any person under its supervision or control, to inquire into or investigate any membership practices or internal operations of any fraternal organization, any college or university fraternity or sorority, any private club, or any religious organization. The Commission shall submit such other reports to the President and the Congress as the Commission, the Congress, or the President shall deem appropriate. The Commission shall establish at least one such committee in each State and the District of Columbia composed of citizens of that State or District. (2) Power to issue subpoenas. Such a subpoena may not require the presence of a witness more than 100 miles outside the place wherein the witness is found or resides or is domiciled or transacts business, or has appointed an agent for receipt of service of process. (3) Witness fees. (1) Director. There shall be a fulltime staff director for the Commission who shall (A) serve as the administrative head of the Commission; and (B) be appointed by the President with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission. Within the limitation of its appropriations, the Commission may (A) appoint such other personnel as it deems advisable, under the civil service and classification laws; and (B) procure services, as authorized in section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not in excess of the daily equivalent paid for positions at the maximum rate for GS15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. This limitation shall apply with respect to services of members of the Commission as it does with respect to services by other persons. The Commission may make such rules as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. There are authorized to be appropriated, to carry out this Act $9,500,000 for fiscal year 1995.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION. The initial membership of the Commission shall be the members of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994. (2) 2 members of the Commission shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendations of the majority leader and the minority leader, and of the members appointed not more than one shall be appointed from the same political party. (c) Terms. (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the individuals serving as Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994 shall initially fill those roles on the Commission. (2) Thereafter the President may, with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission's members, designate a Chairperson or Vice Chairperson, as the case may be, from among the Commission's members. 5 members of the Commission constitute a quorum of the Commission. SEC. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. The Commission (1) shall investigate allegations in writing under oath or affirmation relating to deprivations (A) because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin; or (B) as a result of any pattern or practice of fraud; of the right of citizens of the United States to vote and have votes counted; and (2) shall (A) study and collect information relating to; (B) make appraisals of the laws and policies of the Federal Government with respect to; (C) serve as a national clearinghouse for information relating to; and (D) prepare public service announcements and advertising campaigns to discourage; discrimination or denials of equal protection of the laws under the Constitution of the United States because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin, or in the administration of justice. Nothing in this or any other Act shall be construed as authorizing the Commission, its advisory committees, or any person under its supervision or control, to inquire into or investigate any membership practices or internal operations of any fraternal organization, any college or university fraternity or sorority, any private club, or any religious organization. The Commission shall submit such other reports to the President and the Congress as the Commission, the Congress, or the President shall deem appropriate. The Commission shall establish at least one such committee in each State and the District of Columbia composed of citizens of that State or District. (2) Power to issue subpoenas. Such a subpoena may not require the presence of a witness more than 100 miles outside the place wherein the witness is found or resides or is domiciled or transacts business, or has appointed an agent for receipt of service of process. (3) Witness fees. (1) Director. There shall be a fulltime staff director for the Commission who shall (A) serve as the administrative head of the Commission; and (B) be appointed by the President with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission. Within the limitation of its appropriations, the Commission may (A) appoint such other personnel as it deems advisable, under the civil service and classification laws; and (B) procure services, as authorized in section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not in excess of the daily equivalent paid for positions at the maximum rate for GS15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. This limitation shall apply with respect to services of members of the Commission as it does with respect to services by other persons. The Commission may make such rules as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. There are authorized to be appropriated, to carry out this Act $9,500,000 for fiscal year 1995.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION. The initial membership of the Commission shall be the members of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994. (2) 2 members of the Commission shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendations of the majority leader and the minority leader, and of the members appointed not more than one shall be appointed from the same political party. (c) Terms. (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the individuals serving as Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the United States Commission on Civil Rights on September 30, 1994 shall initially fill those roles on the Commission. (2) Thereafter the President may, with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission's members, designate a Chairperson or Vice Chairperson, as the case may be, from among the Commission's members. 5 members of the Commission constitute a quorum of the Commission. SEC. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. The Commission (1) shall investigate allegations in writing under oath or affirmation relating to deprivations (A) because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin; or (B) as a result of any pattern or practice of fraud; of the right of citizens of the United States to vote and have votes counted; and (2) shall (A) study and collect information relating to; (B) make appraisals of the laws and policies of the Federal Government with respect to; (C) serve as a national clearinghouse for information relating to; and (D) prepare public service announcements and advertising campaigns to discourage; discrimination or denials of equal protection of the laws under the Constitution of the United States because of color, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or national origin, or in the administration of justice. Nothing in this or any other Act shall be construed as authorizing the Commission, its advisory committees, or any person under its supervision or control, to inquire into or investigate any membership practices or internal operations of any fraternal organization, any college or university fraternity or sorority, any private club, or any religious organization. The Commission shall submit such other reports to the President and the Congress as the Commission, the Congress, or the President shall deem appropriate. The Commission shall establish at least one such committee in each State and the District of Columbia composed of citizens of that State or District. (2) Power to issue subpoenas. Such a subpoena may not require the presence of a witness more than 100 miles outside the place wherein the witness is found or resides or is domiciled or transacts business, or has appointed an agent for receipt of service of process. (3) Witness fees. (1) Director. There shall be a fulltime staff director for the Commission who shall (A) serve as the administrative head of the Commission; and (B) be appointed by the President with the concurrence of a majority of the Commission. Within the limitation of its appropriations, the Commission may (A) appoint such other personnel as it deems advisable, under the civil service and classification laws; and (B) procure services, as authorized in section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not in excess of the daily equivalent paid for positions at the maximum rate for GS15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. This limitation shall apply with respect to services of members of the Commission as it does with respect to services by other persons. The Commission may make such rules as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. There are authorized to be appropriated, to carry out this Act $9,500,000 for fiscal year 1995.