SECTION 1. It shall be the policy of the United States to (1) undertake the necessary measures to deny the Cuban regime the financial resources to engage in activities that threaten (A) United States national security, its interests and its allies; (B) the environment and natural resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast and Florida's unique maritime environment; and (C) that prolong the dictatorship that oppresses the Cuban people; and (2) deter foreign investments that would enhance the ability of the Cuban regime to develop its petroleum resources. 2. The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U. S. 402. EXCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES OF ALIENS WHO CONTRIBUTE TO THE ABILITY OF CUBA TO DEVELOP PETROLEUM RESOURCES OFF OF CUBA'S NORTHERN COAST. The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien who the Secretary of State determines is a person who (1) is an officer or principal of an entity, or a shareholder who owns a controlling interest in an entity, that, on or after May 2, 2006, makes an investment that equals or exceeds $1,000,000 (or any combination of investments that in the aggregate equals or exceeds $1,000,000 in any 12month period), that contributes to the enhancement of Cuba's ability to develop petroleum resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast; or (2) is a spouse, minor child, or agent of a person described in paragraph (1). The term `develop', with respect to petroleum resources, means the exploration for, or the extraction, refining, or transportation by pipeline or other means of, petroleum resources. (C) The entry into a contract providing for the participation in royalties, earnings, or profits in that development, without regard to the form of the participation. The amendment made by this section applies to aliens seeking admission to the United States on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. (b) Sanctions Described. (2) Export sanction. The United States Government may prohibit any United States financial institution from making loans or providing credits to any sanctioned person totaling more than $10,000,000 in any 12 month period unless such person is engaged in activities to relieve human suffering and the loans or credits are provided for such activities. Neither the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System nor the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may designate, or permit the continuation of any prior designation of, such financial institution as a primary dealer in United States Government debt instruments. The imposition of either sanction under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be treated as one sanction for purposes of this section, and the imposition of both such sanctions shall be treated as two sanctions for purposes of this section. The United States Government may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from a sanctioned person.SECTION 1. It shall be the policy of the United States to (1) undertake the necessary measures to deny the Cuban regime the financial resources to engage in activities that threaten (A) United States national security, its interests and its allies; (B) the environment and natural resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast and Florida's unique maritime environment; and (C) that prolong the dictatorship that oppresses the Cuban people; and (2) deter foreign investments that would enhance the ability of the Cuban regime to develop its petroleum resources. 2. The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U. S. 402. EXCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES OF ALIENS WHO CONTRIBUTE TO THE ABILITY OF CUBA TO DEVELOP PETROLEUM RESOURCES OFF OF CUBA'S NORTHERN COAST. The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien who the Secretary of State determines is a person who (1) is an officer or principal of an entity, or a shareholder who owns a controlling interest in an entity, that, on or after May 2, 2006, makes an investment that equals or exceeds $1,000,000 (or any combination of investments that in the aggregate equals or exceeds $1,000,000 in any 12month period), that contributes to the enhancement of Cuba's ability to develop petroleum resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast; or (2) is a spouse, minor child, or agent of a person described in paragraph (1). The term `develop', with respect to petroleum resources, means the exploration for, or the extraction, refining, or transportation by pipeline or other means of, petroleum resources. (C) The entry into a contract providing for the participation in royalties, earnings, or profits in that development, without regard to the form of the participation. The amendment made by this section applies to aliens seeking admission to the United States on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. (b) Sanctions Described. (2) Export sanction. The United States Government may prohibit any United States financial institution from making loans or providing credits to any sanctioned person totaling more than $10,000,000 in any 12 month period unless such person is engaged in activities to relieve human suffering and the loans or credits are provided for such activities. Neither the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System nor the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may designate, or permit the continuation of any prior designation of, such financial institution as a primary dealer in United States Government debt instruments. The imposition of either sanction under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be treated as one sanction for purposes of this section, and the imposition of both such sanctions shall be treated as two sanctions for purposes of this section. The United States Government may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from a sanctioned person.SECTION 1. It shall be the policy of the United States to (1) undertake the necessary measures to deny the Cuban regime the financial resources to engage in activities that threaten (A) United States national security, its interests and its allies; (B) the environment and natural resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast and Florida's unique maritime environment; and (C) that prolong the dictatorship that oppresses the Cuban people; and (2) deter foreign investments that would enhance the ability of the Cuban regime to develop its petroleum resources. 2. The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U. S. 402. EXCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES OF ALIENS WHO CONTRIBUTE TO THE ABILITY OF CUBA TO DEVELOP PETROLEUM RESOURCES OFF OF CUBA'S NORTHERN COAST. The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien who the Secretary of State determines is a person who (1) is an officer or principal of an entity, or a shareholder who owns a controlling interest in an entity, that, on or after May 2, 2006, makes an investment that equals or exceeds $1,000,000 (or any combination of investments that in the aggregate equals or exceeds $1,000,000 in any 12month period), that contributes to the enhancement of Cuba's ability to develop petroleum resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast; or (2) is a spouse, minor child, or agent of a person described in paragraph (1). The term `develop', with respect to petroleum resources, means the exploration for, or the extraction, refining, or transportation by pipeline or other means of, petroleum resources. (C) The entry into a contract providing for the participation in royalties, earnings, or profits in that development, without regard to the form of the participation. The amendment made by this section applies to aliens seeking admission to the United States on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. (b) Sanctions Described. (2) Export sanction. The United States Government may prohibit any United States financial institution from making loans or providing credits to any sanctioned person totaling more than $10,000,000 in any 12 month period unless such person is engaged in activities to relieve human suffering and the loans or credits are provided for such activities. Neither the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System nor the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may designate, or permit the continuation of any prior designation of, such financial institution as a primary dealer in United States Government debt instruments. The imposition of either sanction under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be treated as one sanction for purposes of this section, and the imposition of both such sanctions shall be treated as two sanctions for purposes of this section. The United States Government may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from a sanctioned person.SECTION 1. It shall be the policy of the United States to (1) undertake the necessary measures to deny the Cuban regime the financial resources to engage in activities that threaten (A) United States national security, its interests and its allies; (B) the environment and natural resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast and Florida's unique maritime environment; and (C) that prolong the dictatorship that oppresses the Cuban people; and (2) deter foreign investments that would enhance the ability of the Cuban regime to develop its petroleum resources. 2. The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U. S. 402. EXCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES OF ALIENS WHO CONTRIBUTE TO THE ABILITY OF CUBA TO DEVELOP PETROLEUM RESOURCES OFF OF CUBA'S NORTHERN COAST. The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien who the Secretary of State determines is a person who (1) is an officer or principal of an entity, or a shareholder who owns a controlling interest in an entity, that, on or after May 2, 2006, makes an investment that equals or exceeds $1,000,000 (or any combination of investments that in the aggregate equals or exceeds $1,000,000 in any 12month period), that contributes to the enhancement of Cuba's ability to develop petroleum resources of the submerged lands of Cuba's northern coast; or (2) is a spouse, minor child, or agent of a person described in paragraph (1). The term `develop', with respect to petroleum resources, means the exploration for, or the extraction, refining, or transportation by pipeline or other means of, petroleum resources. (C) The entry into a contract providing for the participation in royalties, earnings, or profits in that development, without regard to the form of the participation. The amendment made by this section applies to aliens seeking admission to the United States on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. (b) Sanctions Described. (2) Export sanction. The United States Government may prohibit any United States financial institution from making loans or providing credits to any sanctioned person totaling more than $10,000,000 in any 12 month period unless such person is engaged in activities to relieve human suffering and the loans or credits are provided for such activities. Neither the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System nor the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may designate, or permit the continuation of any prior designation of, such financial institution as a primary dealer in United States Government debt instruments. The imposition of either sanction under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be treated as one sanction for purposes of this section, and the imposition of both such sanctions shall be treated as two sanctions for purposes of this section. The United States Government may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from a sanctioned person.