2. Title III of the Clean Air Act (42 U. S. C. (2) Carbon dioxide. (8) Any other substance subject to, or proposed to be subject to, regulation, action, or consideration under this Act to address climate change. Nothwithstanding the previous sentence, such definition may include a greenhouse gas for purposes of addressing concerns other than climate change. (2) Exceptions. Paragraph (1) does not prohibit the following: (A) Notwithstanding paragraph (4)(B), implementation and enforcement of the rule entitled `LightDuty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards and Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards' (75 Fed. 25324 (May 7, 2010) and without further revision) and finalization, implementation, enforcement, and revision of the proposed rule entitled `Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and HeavyDuty Engines and Vehicles' published at 75 Fed. (C) Statutorily authorized Federal research, development, and demonstration programs addressing climate change. (E) Implementation and enforcement of section 821 (42 U. 15, 2009). 17004 (April 2, 2010) and the memorandum from Stephen L. Johnson, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator, to EPA Regional Administrators, concerning `EPA's Interpretation of Regulations that Determine Pollutants Covered by Federal Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Permit Program' (Dec. (F) `Action To Ensure Authority To Issue Permits Under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program to Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Finding of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plan Revisions Required for Greenhouse Gases', published at 75 Fed. (H) `Action To Ensure Authority To Implement Title V Permitting Programs Under the Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule', published at 75 Fed. (I) `Determinations Concerning Need for Error Correction, Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval, and Federal Implementation Plan Regarding Texas Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program', published at 75 Fed. (A) No limitation. This section does not limit or otherwise affect the authority of a State to adopt, amend, enforce, or repeal State laws and regulations pertaining to the emission of a greenhouse gas. C.2. Title III of the Clean Air Act (42 U. S. C. (2) Carbon dioxide. (8) Any other substance subject to, or proposed to be subject to, regulation, action, or consideration under this Act to address climate change. Nothwithstanding the previous sentence, such definition may include a greenhouse gas for purposes of addressing concerns other than climate change. (2) Exceptions. Paragraph (1) does not prohibit the following: (A) Notwithstanding paragraph (4)(B), implementation and enforcement of the rule entitled `LightDuty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards and Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards' (75 Fed. 25324 (May 7, 2010) and without further revision) and finalization, implementation, enforcement, and revision of the proposed rule entitled `Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and HeavyDuty Engines and Vehicles' published at 75 Fed. (C) Statutorily authorized Federal research, development, and demonstration programs addressing climate change. (E) Implementation and enforcement of section 821 (42 U. 15, 2009). 17004 (April 2, 2010) and the memorandum from Stephen L. Johnson, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator, to EPA Regional Administrators, concerning `EPA's Interpretation of Regulations that Determine Pollutants Covered by Federal Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Permit Program' (Dec. (F) `Action To Ensure Authority To Issue Permits Under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program to Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Finding of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plan Revisions Required for Greenhouse Gases', published at 75 Fed. (H) `Action To Ensure Authority To Implement Title V Permitting Programs Under the Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule', published at 75 Fed. (I) `Determinations Concerning Need for Error Correction, Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval, and Federal Implementation Plan Regarding Texas Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program', published at 75 Fed. (A) No limitation. This section does not limit or otherwise affect the authority of a State to adopt, amend, enforce, or repeal State laws and regulations pertaining to the emission of a greenhouse gas. C.2. Title III of the Clean Air Act (42 U. S. C. (2) Carbon dioxide. (8) Any other substance subject to, or proposed to be subject to, regulation, action, or consideration under this Act to address climate change. Nothwithstanding the previous sentence, such definition may include a greenhouse gas for purposes of addressing concerns other than climate change. (2) Exceptions. Paragraph (1) does not prohibit the following: (A) Notwithstanding paragraph (4)(B), implementation and enforcement of the rule entitled `LightDuty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards and Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards' (75 Fed. 25324 (May 7, 2010) and without further revision) and finalization, implementation, enforcement, and revision of the proposed rule entitled `Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and HeavyDuty Engines and Vehicles' published at 75 Fed. (C) Statutorily authorized Federal research, development, and demonstration programs addressing climate change. (E) Implementation and enforcement of section 821 (42 U. 15, 2009). 17004 (April 2, 2010) and the memorandum from Stephen L. Johnson, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator, to EPA Regional Administrators, concerning `EPA's Interpretation of Regulations that Determine Pollutants Covered by Federal Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Permit Program' (Dec. (F) `Action To Ensure Authority To Issue Permits Under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program to Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Finding of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plan Revisions Required for Greenhouse Gases', published at 75 Fed. (H) `Action To Ensure Authority To Implement Title V Permitting Programs Under the Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule', published at 75 Fed. (I) `Determinations Concerning Need for Error Correction, Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval, and Federal Implementation Plan Regarding Texas Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program', published at 75 Fed. (A) No limitation. This section does not limit or otherwise affect the authority of a State to adopt, amend, enforce, or repeal State laws and regulations pertaining to the emission of a greenhouse gas. C.2. Title III of the Clean Air Act (42 U. S. C. (2) Carbon dioxide. (8) Any other substance subject to, or proposed to be subject to, regulation, action, or consideration under this Act to address climate change. Nothwithstanding the previous sentence, such definition may include a greenhouse gas for purposes of addressing concerns other than climate change. (2) Exceptions. Paragraph (1) does not prohibit the following: (A) Notwithstanding paragraph (4)(B), implementation and enforcement of the rule entitled `LightDuty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards and Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards' (75 Fed. 25324 (May 7, 2010) and without further revision) and finalization, implementation, enforcement, and revision of the proposed rule entitled `Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and HeavyDuty Engines and Vehicles' published at 75 Fed. (C) Statutorily authorized Federal research, development, and demonstration programs addressing climate change. (E) Implementation and enforcement of section 821 (42 U. 15, 2009). 17004 (April 2, 2010) and the memorandum from Stephen L. Johnson, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator, to EPA Regional Administrators, concerning `EPA's Interpretation of Regulations that Determine Pollutants Covered by Federal Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Permit Program' (Dec. (F) `Action To Ensure Authority To Issue Permits Under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program to Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Finding of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plan Revisions Required for Greenhouse Gases', published at 75 Fed. (H) `Action To Ensure Authority To Implement Title V Permitting Programs Under the Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule', published at 75 Fed. (I) `Determinations Concerning Need for Error Correction, Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval, and Federal Implementation Plan Regarding Texas Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program', published at 75 Fed. (A) No limitation. This section does not limit or otherwise affect the authority of a State to adopt, amend, enforce, or repeal State laws and regulations pertaining to the emission of a greenhouse gas. C.