SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Secondary Payer Advancement, Rationalization, and Clarification Act or the SPARC Act. Section 1860D2(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. (ii) Limitation on parties making prescription drug plans primary. A primary drug plan (as defined in clause (iv), other than a group health plan or multiemployer or multiple employer plan of, or contributed to by, an employer that has 20 or fewer employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the calendar year involved or the preceding calendar year), a selfinsured plan, a service benefit plan, a managed care organization, a pharmacy benefit manager, or other party that, by statute, contract, or agreement, is legally responsible for payment of a claim for a covered outpatient drug, in enrolling an individual or in making any payments for benefits to the individual or on the individual's behalf, may not take into account that the individual is enrolled under a prescription drug plan under this part or is eligible for or is provided coverage for covered part D drugs under this part. (iv) Primary drug plan defined. For purposes of this clause, an entity that engages in a business, trade, or profession shall be deemed to have a self insured plan if it carries its own risk (whether by a failure to obtain insurance, or otherwise) in whole or in part. Any costs or expense incurred by a prescription drug plan related to recoveries pursuant to this subparagraph shall not be considered an administrative cost or expense, as those terms are used in this part. A prescription drug plan shall, in the case of receipt of a notice pursuant to subparagraph (D) related to an enrollee for whom a primary drug plan has reported on ongoing responsibility for medical costs pursuant to paragraph (7) or (8) of section 1862(b), authorize the provider of such covered part D drug to charge, in accordance with the charges allowed under the prescription drug plan, such primary drug plan for such covered part D drug related to or arising out of the treatment accident or injury subject to such notice (other than payments subject to a claim under subparagraph (B) or (F)) for the period in which the enrollee remains enrolled in such plan through the date upon which such primary drug plan has terminated such ongoing responsibility for medical payments. (i) Notification of plans. The Secretary may collect (on behalf of a prescription drug plan) the reimbursement amount for covered part D drugs, as identified pursuant to clause (ii), from the individual involved or the primary drug plan pursuant to the procedures set forth under section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii). 1395w102(b)(4)(D)), is amended by striking third party reimbursement.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Secondary Payer Advancement, Rationalization, and Clarification Act or the SPARC Act. Section 1860D2(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. (ii) Limitation on parties making prescription drug plans primary. A primary drug plan (as defined in clause (iv), other than a group health plan or multiemployer or multiple employer plan of, or contributed to by, an employer that has 20 or fewer employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the calendar year involved or the preceding calendar year), a selfinsured plan, a service benefit plan, a managed care organization, a pharmacy benefit manager, or other party that, by statute, contract, or agreement, is legally responsible for payment of a claim for a covered outpatient drug, in enrolling an individual or in making any payments for benefits to the individual or on the individual's behalf, may not take into account that the individual is enrolled under a prescription drug plan under this part or is eligible for or is provided coverage for covered part D drugs under this part. (iv) Primary drug plan defined. For purposes of this clause, an entity that engages in a business, trade, or profession shall be deemed to have a self insured plan if it carries its own risk (whether by a failure to obtain insurance, or otherwise) in whole or in part. Any costs or expense incurred by a prescription drug plan related to recoveries pursuant to this subparagraph shall not be considered an administrative cost or expense, as those terms are used in this part. A prescription drug plan shall, in the case of receipt of a notice pursuant to subparagraph (D) related to an enrollee for whom a primary drug plan has reported on ongoing responsibility for medical costs pursuant to paragraph (7) or (8) of section 1862(b), authorize the provider of such covered part D drug to charge, in accordance with the charges allowed under the prescription drug plan, such primary drug plan for such covered part D drug related to or arising out of the treatment accident or injury subject to such notice (other than payments subject to a claim under subparagraph (B) or (F)) for the period in which the enrollee remains enrolled in such plan through the date upon which such primary drug plan has terminated such ongoing responsibility for medical payments. (i) Notification of plans. The Secretary may collect (on behalf of a prescription drug plan) the reimbursement amount for covered part D drugs, as identified pursuant to clause (ii), from the individual involved or the primary drug plan pursuant to the procedures set forth under section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii). 1395w102(b)(4)(D)), is amended by striking third party reimbursement.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Secondary Payer Advancement, Rationalization, and Clarification Act or the SPARC Act. Section 1860D2(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. (ii) Limitation on parties making prescription drug plans primary. A primary drug plan (as defined in clause (iv), other than a group health plan or multiemployer or multiple employer plan of, or contributed to by, an employer that has 20 or fewer employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the calendar year involved or the preceding calendar year), a selfinsured plan, a service benefit plan, a managed care organization, a pharmacy benefit manager, or other party that, by statute, contract, or agreement, is legally responsible for payment of a claim for a covered outpatient drug, in enrolling an individual or in making any payments for benefits to the individual or on the individual's behalf, may not take into account that the individual is enrolled under a prescription drug plan under this part or is eligible for or is provided coverage for covered part D drugs under this part. (iv) Primary drug plan defined. For purposes of this clause, an entity that engages in a business, trade, or profession shall be deemed to have a self insured plan if it carries its own risk (whether by a failure to obtain insurance, or otherwise) in whole or in part. Any costs or expense incurred by a prescription drug plan related to recoveries pursuant to this subparagraph shall not be considered an administrative cost or expense, as those terms are used in this part. A prescription drug plan shall, in the case of receipt of a notice pursuant to subparagraph (D) related to an enrollee for whom a primary drug plan has reported on ongoing responsibility for medical costs pursuant to paragraph (7) or (8) of section 1862(b), authorize the provider of such covered part D drug to charge, in accordance with the charges allowed under the prescription drug plan, such primary drug plan for such covered part D drug related to or arising out of the treatment accident or injury subject to such notice (other than payments subject to a claim under subparagraph (B) or (F)) for the period in which the enrollee remains enrolled in such plan through the date upon which such primary drug plan has terminated such ongoing responsibility for medical payments. (i) Notification of plans. The Secretary may collect (on behalf of a prescription drug plan) the reimbursement amount for covered part D drugs, as identified pursuant to clause (ii), from the individual involved or the primary drug plan pursuant to the procedures set forth under section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii). 1395w102(b)(4)(D)), is amended by striking third party reimbursement.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Secondary Payer Advancement, Rationalization, and Clarification Act or the SPARC Act. Section 1860D2(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U. (ii) Limitation on parties making prescription drug plans primary. A primary drug plan (as defined in clause (iv), other than a group health plan or multiemployer or multiple employer plan of, or contributed to by, an employer that has 20 or fewer employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the calendar year involved or the preceding calendar year), a selfinsured plan, a service benefit plan, a managed care organization, a pharmacy benefit manager, or other party that, by statute, contract, or agreement, is legally responsible for payment of a claim for a covered outpatient drug, in enrolling an individual or in making any payments for benefits to the individual or on the individual's behalf, may not take into account that the individual is enrolled under a prescription drug plan under this part or is eligible for or is provided coverage for covered part D drugs under this part. (iv) Primary drug plan defined. For purposes of this clause, an entity that engages in a business, trade, or profession shall be deemed to have a self insured plan if it carries its own risk (whether by a failure to obtain insurance, or otherwise) in whole or in part. Any costs or expense incurred by a prescription drug plan related to recoveries pursuant to this subparagraph shall not be considered an administrative cost or expense, as those terms are used in this part. A prescription drug plan shall, in the case of receipt of a notice pursuant to subparagraph (D) related to an enrollee for whom a primary drug plan has reported on ongoing responsibility for medical costs pursuant to paragraph (7) or (8) of section 1862(b), authorize the provider of such covered part D drug to charge, in accordance with the charges allowed under the prescription drug plan, such primary drug plan for such covered part D drug related to or arising out of the treatment accident or injury subject to such notice (other than payments subject to a claim under subparagraph (B) or (F)) for the period in which the enrollee remains enrolled in such plan through the date upon which such primary drug plan has terminated such ongoing responsibility for medical payments. (i) Notification of plans. The Secretary may collect (on behalf of a prescription drug plan) the reimbursement amount for covered part D drugs, as identified pursuant to clause (ii), from the individual involved or the primary drug plan pursuant to the procedures set forth under section 1862(b)(2)(B)(vii). 1395w102(b)(4)(D)), is amended by striking third party reimbursement.