SECTION 1. EMERGENCY WATERSHED PROTECTION DISASTER ASSISTANCE FUND. The term natural disaster means (A) a natural disaster declared by the Secretary under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U. ). The term Secretary means the Secretary of Agriculture. Subject to subsection (d), amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, until expended, to provide additional amounts for authorized activities described in subsection (b) in areas affected by a natural disaster. Amounts in the Fund shall supplement (and not supplant) other Federal funding for natural disasters. Amounts appropriated directly to the Fund by this Act or any subsequent Act for a specific purpose shall be available only for that purpose until such time as the transfer authority provided by subsection (f) takes effect with regard to the amounts. 4); and (II) are not necessary to fulfill any eligible request for the funds made in accordance with that Act. In the Senate, this subsection is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to sections 403(a) and 423(b) of S. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) that are in excess of amounts requested in applications received by the Secretary on or before April 18, 2014, in accordance with the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 (division A of Public Law 1132; 127 Stat. (B) Final deposit. As soon as practicable after the Secretary has made final determinations on all applications described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all remaining unobligated amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). (f) Transfer of Other Appropriations to Fund. Unless otherwise specifically provided in an appropriations Act, the Secretary may transfer to or within the Fund, and merge with other amounts generally appropriated to the Fund, the available unobligated balance of any amounts that are appropriated for fiscal year 2014 or any subsequent fiscal year for the emergency watershed protection program to respond to a natural disaster or are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement if, in advance of the transfer, the Secretary (A) determines that the unobligated amounts are no longer needed to respond to the natural disaster for which the amounts were originally appropriated; and (B) provides a certification of that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (h) Administrative Expenses.SECTION 1. EMERGENCY WATERSHED PROTECTION DISASTER ASSISTANCE FUND. The term natural disaster means (A) a natural disaster declared by the Secretary under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U. ). The term Secretary means the Secretary of Agriculture. Subject to subsection (d), amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, until expended, to provide additional amounts for authorized activities described in subsection (b) in areas affected by a natural disaster. Amounts in the Fund shall supplement (and not supplant) other Federal funding for natural disasters. Amounts appropriated directly to the Fund by this Act or any subsequent Act for a specific purpose shall be available only for that purpose until such time as the transfer authority provided by subsection (f) takes effect with regard to the amounts. 4); and (II) are not necessary to fulfill any eligible request for the funds made in accordance with that Act. In the Senate, this subsection is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to sections 403(a) and 423(b) of S. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) that are in excess of amounts requested in applications received by the Secretary on or before April 18, 2014, in accordance with the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 (division A of Public Law 1132; 127 Stat. (B) Final deposit. As soon as practicable after the Secretary has made final determinations on all applications described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all remaining unobligated amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). (f) Transfer of Other Appropriations to Fund. Unless otherwise specifically provided in an appropriations Act, the Secretary may transfer to or within the Fund, and merge with other amounts generally appropriated to the Fund, the available unobligated balance of any amounts that are appropriated for fiscal year 2014 or any subsequent fiscal year for the emergency watershed protection program to respond to a natural disaster or are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement if, in advance of the transfer, the Secretary (A) determines that the unobligated amounts are no longer needed to respond to the natural disaster for which the amounts were originally appropriated; and (B) provides a certification of that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (h) Administrative Expenses.SECTION 1. EMERGENCY WATERSHED PROTECTION DISASTER ASSISTANCE FUND. The term natural disaster means (A) a natural disaster declared by the Secretary under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U. ). The term Secretary means the Secretary of Agriculture. Subject to subsection (d), amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, until expended, to provide additional amounts for authorized activities described in subsection (b) in areas affected by a natural disaster. Amounts in the Fund shall supplement (and not supplant) other Federal funding for natural disasters. Amounts appropriated directly to the Fund by this Act or any subsequent Act for a specific purpose shall be available only for that purpose until such time as the transfer authority provided by subsection (f) takes effect with regard to the amounts. 4); and (II) are not necessary to fulfill any eligible request for the funds made in accordance with that Act. In the Senate, this subsection is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to sections 403(a) and 423(b) of S. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) that are in excess of amounts requested in applications received by the Secretary on or before April 18, 2014, in accordance with the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 (division A of Public Law 1132; 127 Stat. (B) Final deposit. As soon as practicable after the Secretary has made final determinations on all applications described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all remaining unobligated amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). (f) Transfer of Other Appropriations to Fund. Unless otherwise specifically provided in an appropriations Act, the Secretary may transfer to or within the Fund, and merge with other amounts generally appropriated to the Fund, the available unobligated balance of any amounts that are appropriated for fiscal year 2014 or any subsequent fiscal year for the emergency watershed protection program to respond to a natural disaster or are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement if, in advance of the transfer, the Secretary (A) determines that the unobligated amounts are no longer needed to respond to the natural disaster for which the amounts were originally appropriated; and (B) provides a certification of that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (h) Administrative Expenses.SECTION 1. EMERGENCY WATERSHED PROTECTION DISASTER ASSISTANCE FUND. The term natural disaster means (A) a natural disaster declared by the Secretary under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U. ). The term Secretary means the Secretary of Agriculture. Subject to subsection (d), amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, until expended, to provide additional amounts for authorized activities described in subsection (b) in areas affected by a natural disaster. Amounts in the Fund shall supplement (and not supplant) other Federal funding for natural disasters. Amounts appropriated directly to the Fund by this Act or any subsequent Act for a specific purpose shall be available only for that purpose until such time as the transfer authority provided by subsection (f) takes effect with regard to the amounts. 4); and (II) are not necessary to fulfill any eligible request for the funds made in accordance with that Act. In the Senate, this subsection is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to sections 403(a) and 423(b) of S. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) that are in excess of amounts requested in applications received by the Secretary on or before April 18, 2014, in accordance with the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 (division A of Public Law 1132; 127 Stat. (B) Final deposit. As soon as practicable after the Secretary has made final determinations on all applications described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund all remaining unobligated amounts described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). (f) Transfer of Other Appropriations to Fund. Unless otherwise specifically provided in an appropriations Act, the Secretary may transfer to or within the Fund, and merge with other amounts generally appropriated to the Fund, the available unobligated balance of any amounts that are appropriated for fiscal year 2014 or any subsequent fiscal year for the emergency watershed protection program to respond to a natural disaster or are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement if, in advance of the transfer, the Secretary (A) determines that the unobligated amounts are no longer needed to respond to the natural disaster for which the amounts were originally appropriated; and (B) provides a certification of that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (h) Administrative Expenses.