SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) On July 22, 2004 the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (also known as the 9/11 Commission) issued a report that included 41 specific recommendations to help prevent future terrorist attacks, including details of a global strategy and government reorganization necessary to implement that strategy. Specifically the following recommendation was made: At this time of increased and consolidated government authority, there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties. (3) The report also states that the choice between security and liberty is a false choice, as nothing is more likely to endanger America's liberties than the success of a terrorist attack at home. This law created a civil liberties board that does not have the authority necessary to protect civil liberties. (6) In its Final Report on 9/11 Commission Recommendations, the Commission noted very little urgency and insufficient funding as it relates to the establishment of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. (7) While the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2006 included $750,000 for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2007 does not contain a funding line for the Board. SEC. Subsection (e) of section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 is amended to read as follows: (e) Membership. (1) Members. Members of the Board shall be selected solely on the basis of their professional qualifications, achievements, public stature, expertise in civil liberties and privacy, and relevant experience, and without regard to political affiliation, but in no event shall more than 3 members of the Board be members of the same political party. (4) Term. Each member of the Board shall serve a term of six years, except that (A) a member appointed to a term of office after the commencement of such term may serve under such appointment only for the remainder of such term; (B) upon the expiration of the term of office of a member, the member shall continue to serve until the member's successor has been appointed and qualified, except that no member may serve under this subparagraph (i) for more than 60 days when Congress is in session unless a nomination to fill the vacancy shall have been submitted to the Senate; or (ii) after the adjournment sine die of the session of the Senate in which such nomination is submitted; and (C) the members initially appointed under this subsection shall serve terms of two, three, four, five, and six years, respectively, from the effective date of this Act, with the term of each such member to be designated by the President. (5) Quorum and meetings. Three members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. SUBPOENA POWER FOR THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. (i) In general. The Board shall (i) make its reports, including its reports to Congress, available to the public to the greatest extent that is consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law; and (ii) hold public hearings and otherwise inform the public of its activities, as appropriate and in a manner consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law. The Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the National Intelligence Director, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, any other entity within the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U. In any department, agency, or element referred to in subsection (a) or designated by the Board, which has a statutorily created civil liberties officer, such officer shall perform the functions specified in subsection (a) with respect to civil liberties. The head of each department, agency, or element shall ensure that each privacy officer and civil liberties officer (1) has the information, material, and resources necessary to fulfill the functions of such officer; (2) is advised of proposed policy changes; (3) is consulted by decisionmakers; and (4) is given access to material and personnel the officer determines to be necessary to carry out the functions of such officer. No action constituting a reprisal, or threat of reprisal, for making a complaint or for disclosing information to a privacy officer or civil liberties officer described in subsection (a) or (b), or to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, that indicates a possible violation of privacy protections or civil liberties in the administration of the programs and operations of the Federal Government relating to efforts to protect the Nation from terrorism shall be taken by any Federal employee in a position to take such action, unless the complaint was made or the information was disclosed with the knowledge that it was false or with willful disregard for its truth or falsity. (f) Periodic Reports. The privacy officers and civil liberties officers of each department, agency, or element referred to or described in subsection (a) or (b) shall periodically, but not less than quarterly, submit a report on the activities of such officers (A)(i) to the appropriate committees of Congress, including the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (ii) to the head of such department, agency, or element; and (iii) to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board; and (B) which shall be in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, with a classified annex where necessary. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or otherwise supplant any other authorities or responsibilities provided by law to privacy officers or civil liberties officers. Section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (36) a separate statement of the amount of appropriations requested for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) On July 22, 2004 the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (also known as the 9/11 Commission) issued a report that included 41 specific recommendations to help prevent future terrorist attacks, including details of a global strategy and government reorganization necessary to implement that strategy. Specifically the following recommendation was made: At this time of increased and consolidated government authority, there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties. (3) The report also states that the choice between security and liberty is a false choice, as nothing is more likely to endanger America's liberties than the success of a terrorist attack at home. This law created a civil liberties board that does not have the authority necessary to protect civil liberties. (6) In its Final Report on 9/11 Commission Recommendations, the Commission noted very little urgency and insufficient funding as it relates to the establishment of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. (7) While the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2006 included $750,000 for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2007 does not contain a funding line for the Board. SEC. Subsection (e) of section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 is amended to read as follows: (e) Membership. (1) Members. Members of the Board shall be selected solely on the basis of their professional qualifications, achievements, public stature, expertise in civil liberties and privacy, and relevant experience, and without regard to political affiliation, but in no event shall more than 3 members of the Board be members of the same political party. (4) Term. Each member of the Board shall serve a term of six years, except that (A) a member appointed to a term of office after the commencement of such term may serve under such appointment only for the remainder of such term; (B) upon the expiration of the term of office of a member, the member shall continue to serve until the member's successor has been appointed and qualified, except that no member may serve under this subparagraph (i) for more than 60 days when Congress is in session unless a nomination to fill the vacancy shall have been submitted to the Senate; or (ii) after the adjournment sine die of the session of the Senate in which such nomination is submitted; and (C) the members initially appointed under this subsection shall serve terms of two, three, four, five, and six years, respectively, from the effective date of this Act, with the term of each such member to be designated by the President. (5) Quorum and meetings. Three members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. SUBPOENA POWER FOR THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. (i) In general. The Board shall (i) make its reports, including its reports to Congress, available to the public to the greatest extent that is consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law; and (ii) hold public hearings and otherwise inform the public of its activities, as appropriate and in a manner consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law. The Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the National Intelligence Director, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, any other entity within the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U. In any department, agency, or element referred to in subsection (a) or designated by the Board, which has a statutorily created civil liberties officer, such officer shall perform the functions specified in subsection (a) with respect to civil liberties. The head of each department, agency, or element shall ensure that each privacy officer and civil liberties officer (1) has the information, material, and resources necessary to fulfill the functions of such officer; (2) is advised of proposed policy changes; (3) is consulted by decisionmakers; and (4) is given access to material and personnel the officer determines to be necessary to carry out the functions of such officer. No action constituting a reprisal, or threat of reprisal, for making a complaint or for disclosing information to a privacy officer or civil liberties officer described in subsection (a) or (b), or to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, that indicates a possible violation of privacy protections or civil liberties in the administration of the programs and operations of the Federal Government relating to efforts to protect the Nation from terrorism shall be taken by any Federal employee in a position to take such action, unless the complaint was made or the information was disclosed with the knowledge that it was false or with willful disregard for its truth or falsity. (f) Periodic Reports. The privacy officers and civil liberties officers of each department, agency, or element referred to or described in subsection (a) or (b) shall periodically, but not less than quarterly, submit a report on the activities of such officers (A)(i) to the appropriate committees of Congress, including the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (ii) to the head of such department, agency, or element; and (iii) to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board; and (B) which shall be in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, with a classified annex where necessary. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or otherwise supplant any other authorities or responsibilities provided by law to privacy officers or civil liberties officers. Section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (36) a separate statement of the amount of appropriations requested for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) On July 22, 2004 the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (also known as the 9/11 Commission) issued a report that included 41 specific recommendations to help prevent future terrorist attacks, including details of a global strategy and government reorganization necessary to implement that strategy. Specifically the following recommendation was made: At this time of increased and consolidated government authority, there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties. (3) The report also states that the choice between security and liberty is a false choice, as nothing is more likely to endanger America's liberties than the success of a terrorist attack at home. This law created a civil liberties board that does not have the authority necessary to protect civil liberties. (6) In its Final Report on 9/11 Commission Recommendations, the Commission noted very little urgency and insufficient funding as it relates to the establishment of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. (7) While the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2006 included $750,000 for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2007 does not contain a funding line for the Board. SEC. Subsection (e) of section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 is amended to read as follows: (e) Membership. (1) Members. Members of the Board shall be selected solely on the basis of their professional qualifications, achievements, public stature, expertise in civil liberties and privacy, and relevant experience, and without regard to political affiliation, but in no event shall more than 3 members of the Board be members of the same political party. (4) Term. Each member of the Board shall serve a term of six years, except that (A) a member appointed to a term of office after the commencement of such term may serve under such appointment only for the remainder of such term; (B) upon the expiration of the term of office of a member, the member shall continue to serve until the member's successor has been appointed and qualified, except that no member may serve under this subparagraph (i) for more than 60 days when Congress is in session unless a nomination to fill the vacancy shall have been submitted to the Senate; or (ii) after the adjournment sine die of the session of the Senate in which such nomination is submitted; and (C) the members initially appointed under this subsection shall serve terms of two, three, four, five, and six years, respectively, from the effective date of this Act, with the term of each such member to be designated by the President. (5) Quorum and meetings. Three members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. SUBPOENA POWER FOR THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. (i) In general. The Board shall (i) make its reports, including its reports to Congress, available to the public to the greatest extent that is consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law; and (ii) hold public hearings and otherwise inform the public of its activities, as appropriate and in a manner consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law. The Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the National Intelligence Director, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, any other entity within the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U. In any department, agency, or element referred to in subsection (a) or designated by the Board, which has a statutorily created civil liberties officer, such officer shall perform the functions specified in subsection (a) with respect to civil liberties. The head of each department, agency, or element shall ensure that each privacy officer and civil liberties officer (1) has the information, material, and resources necessary to fulfill the functions of such officer; (2) is advised of proposed policy changes; (3) is consulted by decisionmakers; and (4) is given access to material and personnel the officer determines to be necessary to carry out the functions of such officer. No action constituting a reprisal, or threat of reprisal, for making a complaint or for disclosing information to a privacy officer or civil liberties officer described in subsection (a) or (b), or to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, that indicates a possible violation of privacy protections or civil liberties in the administration of the programs and operations of the Federal Government relating to efforts to protect the Nation from terrorism shall be taken by any Federal employee in a position to take such action, unless the complaint was made or the information was disclosed with the knowledge that it was false or with willful disregard for its truth or falsity. (f) Periodic Reports. The privacy officers and civil liberties officers of each department, agency, or element referred to or described in subsection (a) or (b) shall periodically, but not less than quarterly, submit a report on the activities of such officers (A)(i) to the appropriate committees of Congress, including the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (ii) to the head of such department, agency, or element; and (iii) to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board; and (B) which shall be in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, with a classified annex where necessary. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or otherwise supplant any other authorities or responsibilities provided by law to privacy officers or civil liberties officers. Section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (36) a separate statement of the amount of appropriations requested for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) On July 22, 2004 the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (also known as the 9/11 Commission) issued a report that included 41 specific recommendations to help prevent future terrorist attacks, including details of a global strategy and government reorganization necessary to implement that strategy. Specifically the following recommendation was made: At this time of increased and consolidated government authority, there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties. (3) The report also states that the choice between security and liberty is a false choice, as nothing is more likely to endanger America's liberties than the success of a terrorist attack at home. This law created a civil liberties board that does not have the authority necessary to protect civil liberties. (6) In its Final Report on 9/11 Commission Recommendations, the Commission noted very little urgency and insufficient funding as it relates to the establishment of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. (7) While the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2006 included $750,000 for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, the President's budget submission for fiscal year 2007 does not contain a funding line for the Board. SEC. Subsection (e) of section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 is amended to read as follows: (e) Membership. (1) Members. Members of the Board shall be selected solely on the basis of their professional qualifications, achievements, public stature, expertise in civil liberties and privacy, and relevant experience, and without regard to political affiliation, but in no event shall more than 3 members of the Board be members of the same political party. (4) Term. Each member of the Board shall serve a term of six years, except that (A) a member appointed to a term of office after the commencement of such term may serve under such appointment only for the remainder of such term; (B) upon the expiration of the term of office of a member, the member shall continue to serve until the member's successor has been appointed and qualified, except that no member may serve under this subparagraph (i) for more than 60 days when Congress is in session unless a nomination to fill the vacancy shall have been submitted to the Senate; or (ii) after the adjournment sine die of the session of the Senate in which such nomination is submitted; and (C) the members initially appointed under this subsection shall serve terms of two, three, four, five, and six years, respectively, from the effective date of this Act, with the term of each such member to be designated by the President. (5) Quorum and meetings. Three members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. SUBPOENA POWER FOR THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. (i) In general. The Board shall (i) make its reports, including its reports to Congress, available to the public to the greatest extent that is consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law; and (ii) hold public hearings and otherwise inform the public of its activities, as appropriate and in a manner consistent with the protection of classified information and applicable law. The Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the National Intelligence Director, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, any other entity within the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U. In any department, agency, or element referred to in subsection (a) or designated by the Board, which has a statutorily created civil liberties officer, such officer shall perform the functions specified in subsection (a) with respect to civil liberties. The head of each department, agency, or element shall ensure that each privacy officer and civil liberties officer (1) has the information, material, and resources necessary to fulfill the functions of such officer; (2) is advised of proposed policy changes; (3) is consulted by decisionmakers; and (4) is given access to material and personnel the officer determines to be necessary to carry out the functions of such officer. No action constituting a reprisal, or threat of reprisal, for making a complaint or for disclosing information to a privacy officer or civil liberties officer described in subsection (a) or (b), or to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, that indicates a possible violation of privacy protections or civil liberties in the administration of the programs and operations of the Federal Government relating to efforts to protect the Nation from terrorism shall be taken by any Federal employee in a position to take such action, unless the complaint was made or the information was disclosed with the knowledge that it was false or with willful disregard for its truth or falsity. (f) Periodic Reports. The privacy officers and civil liberties officers of each department, agency, or element referred to or described in subsection (a) or (b) shall periodically, but not less than quarterly, submit a report on the activities of such officers (A)(i) to the appropriate committees of Congress, including the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (ii) to the head of such department, agency, or element; and (iii) to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board; and (B) which shall be in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, with a classified annex where necessary. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or otherwise supplant any other authorities or responsibilities provided by law to privacy officers or civil liberties officers. Section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (36) a separate statement of the amount of appropriations requested for the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.