SECTION 1. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture (hereinafter referred to as the Secretaries), shall assess and collect charges for utilization of radio and television communications sites located on Federal lands administered by the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management at such rates as the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management shall establish or at such modified rates as are established pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) of this section. Increases or decreases in charges shall apply to all categories of charges, but any increase or decrease shall not total less than 3 percent or more than 5 percent of the charge assessed to the user in the preceding year. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall transmit to the Congress notification of any such adjustment not later than 60 days before the effective date of such adjustment. (2) Under the Schedule of Changes established under the section, if any radio or television communications site user is to be charged an amount that is greater than $1,000 more than the amount such site user pays to the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, then during the first year in which the Schedule of Charges is in effect, such site user shall pay an amount equal to the amount it paid to the Bureau of Land Management of the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, plus $1,000. (c) Additional Users. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall not require any additional user of a radio or television communications site to obtain a separate authorization to use such a site. (1) Until modified pursuant to subsection (b) of this section, the Schedule of Charges for television communications site users which the Secretaries shall prescribe pursuant to subsection (a) of this section shall be as listed in exhibit 3 (television rental fee schedule) in the report of the radio and television broadcast use fee advisory committee dated December 1992. SEC. 2. The advisory group shall also assess the validity of the results of such studies, taking into account all reasonable options for the establishment of fair market values and next best alternative use. The advisory group shall report its findings to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives within 1 year after the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture (hereinafter referred to as the Secretaries), shall assess and collect charges for utilization of radio and television communications sites located on Federal lands administered by the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management at such rates as the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management shall establish or at such modified rates as are established pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) of this section. Increases or decreases in charges shall apply to all categories of charges, but any increase or decrease shall not total less than 3 percent or more than 5 percent of the charge assessed to the user in the preceding year. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall transmit to the Congress notification of any such adjustment not later than 60 days before the effective date of such adjustment. (2) Under the Schedule of Changes established under the section, if any radio or television communications site user is to be charged an amount that is greater than $1,000 more than the amount such site user pays to the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, then during the first year in which the Schedule of Charges is in effect, such site user shall pay an amount equal to the amount it paid to the Bureau of Land Management of the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, plus $1,000. (c) Additional Users. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall not require any additional user of a radio or television communications site to obtain a separate authorization to use such a site. (1) Until modified pursuant to subsection (b) of this section, the Schedule of Charges for television communications site users which the Secretaries shall prescribe pursuant to subsection (a) of this section shall be as listed in exhibit 3 (television rental fee schedule) in the report of the radio and television broadcast use fee advisory committee dated December 1992. SEC. 2. The advisory group shall also assess the validity of the results of such studies, taking into account all reasonable options for the establishment of fair market values and next best alternative use. The advisory group shall report its findings to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives within 1 year after the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture (hereinafter referred to as the Secretaries), shall assess and collect charges for utilization of radio and television communications sites located on Federal lands administered by the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management at such rates as the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management shall establish or at such modified rates as are established pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) of this section. Increases or decreases in charges shall apply to all categories of charges, but any increase or decrease shall not total less than 3 percent or more than 5 percent of the charge assessed to the user in the preceding year. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall transmit to the Congress notification of any such adjustment not later than 60 days before the effective date of such adjustment. (2) Under the Schedule of Changes established under the section, if any radio or television communications site user is to be charged an amount that is greater than $1,000 more than the amount such site user pays to the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, then during the first year in which the Schedule of Charges is in effect, such site user shall pay an amount equal to the amount it paid to the Bureau of Land Management of the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, plus $1,000. (c) Additional Users. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall not require any additional user of a radio or television communications site to obtain a separate authorization to use such a site. (1) Until modified pursuant to subsection (b) of this section, the Schedule of Charges for television communications site users which the Secretaries shall prescribe pursuant to subsection (a) of this section shall be as listed in exhibit 3 (television rental fee schedule) in the report of the radio and television broadcast use fee advisory committee dated December 1992. SEC. 2. The advisory group shall also assess the validity of the results of such studies, taking into account all reasonable options for the establishment of fair market values and next best alternative use. The advisory group shall report its findings to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives within 1 year after the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture (hereinafter referred to as the Secretaries), shall assess and collect charges for utilization of radio and television communications sites located on Federal lands administered by the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management at such rates as the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management shall establish or at such modified rates as are established pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) of this section. Increases or decreases in charges shall apply to all categories of charges, but any increase or decrease shall not total less than 3 percent or more than 5 percent of the charge assessed to the user in the preceding year. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall transmit to the Congress notification of any such adjustment not later than 60 days before the effective date of such adjustment. (2) Under the Schedule of Changes established under the section, if any radio or television communications site user is to be charged an amount that is greater than $1,000 more than the amount such site user pays to the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, then during the first year in which the Schedule of Charges is in effect, such site user shall pay an amount equal to the amount it paid to the Bureau of Land Management of the Forest Service as of January 1, 1993, plus $1,000. (c) Additional Users. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service shall not require any additional user of a radio or television communications site to obtain a separate authorization to use such a site. (1) Until modified pursuant to subsection (b) of this section, the Schedule of Charges for television communications site users which the Secretaries shall prescribe pursuant to subsection (a) of this section shall be as listed in exhibit 3 (television rental fee schedule) in the report of the radio and television broadcast use fee advisory committee dated December 1992. SEC. 2. The advisory group shall also assess the validity of the results of such studies, taking into account all reasonable options for the establishment of fair market values and next best alternative use. The advisory group shall report its findings to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives within 1 year after the enactment of this Act.