(1) Definition. ; with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with the appropriate tier. (2) Referral to committee. (A) Senate. A joint resolution may not be reported before the 8th day after the date on which the joint resolution is introduced. A motion under clause (i) (I) is privileged in the Senate and is highly privileged in the House of Representatives; (II) is not debatable; and (III) is not subject to amendment, a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. If a motion under clause (i) is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the House until the House disposes of the joint resolution. (i) Time. An amendment to a joint resolution, a motion to postpone, to proceed to the consideration of other business, or to recommit such a joint resolution, or a motion to reconsider the vote by which such a joint resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. A vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall be taken in each House on or before the close of the 15th calendar day during which that House is in session after the resolution is reported by the committee of that House to which it was referred, or after the committee has been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of either House to the procedure relating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. With respect to a joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. This subsection is enacted by Congress (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively; and (i) is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution; and (ii) supersedes other rules only to the extent that the subsection is inconsistent with those rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as the rules relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. DETERMINATION EXEMPTING PERSON OR THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA FROM SECTIONS 4 AND 5. (b) Opportunity To Provide Information. Congress urges the President (1) in every appropriate case, to contact in a timely fashion each person identified in each report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, in order to afford such person or government, the opportunity to provide explanatory, exculpatory, or other additional information with respect to the transfer that caused such person to be identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a); and (2) to exercise the authority in subsection (a) in all cases where information obtained from a foreign person identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or from the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, establishes that the exercise of such authority is warranted. NOTIFICATION TO SECURITIES COMMISSION OF INCLUSION IN REPORT. In this section, the following definitions shall apply: (1) Commission. (2) Registered national securities association. 78o3(b)). (4) Registration statement. (b) Notification to the Commission. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate regulations (1) to ensure that securities investors are notified of the identity of any person included in a report prepared by the President under section 3, the securities of which are listed, or authorized for listing, on a registered national securities exchange (or tier or segment thereof) or by a registered national securities association; and (2) to require each person included in a report of the President under section 3 to provide notice of such inclusion in each written report, statement, or other filing or notice required from that person under the securities laws, including (A) any registration statement; (B) any annual or quarterly report, statement, or other filing or notice; (C) any proxy, consent, authorization, information statement, or other notice required to be sent to shareholders with respect to any security registered pursuant to the securities laws; (D) any report, statement, or other filing or notice required in connection with an initial public offering; and (E) any report, statement, or other filing required in connection with a merger, acquisition, tender offer, or similar transaction.(1) Definition. ; with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with the appropriate tier. (2) Referral to committee. (A) Senate. A joint resolution may not be reported before the 8th day after the date on which the joint resolution is introduced. A motion under clause (i) (I) is privileged in the Senate and is highly privileged in the House of Representatives; (II) is not debatable; and (III) is not subject to amendment, a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. If a motion under clause (i) is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the House until the House disposes of the joint resolution. (i) Time. An amendment to a joint resolution, a motion to postpone, to proceed to the consideration of other business, or to recommit such a joint resolution, or a motion to reconsider the vote by which such a joint resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. A vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall be taken in each House on or before the close of the 15th calendar day during which that House is in session after the resolution is reported by the committee of that House to which it was referred, or after the committee has been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of either House to the procedure relating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. With respect to a joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. This subsection is enacted by Congress (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively; and (i) is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution; and (ii) supersedes other rules only to the extent that the subsection is inconsistent with those rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as the rules relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. DETERMINATION EXEMPTING PERSON OR THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA FROM SECTIONS 4 AND 5. (b) Opportunity To Provide Information. Congress urges the President (1) in every appropriate case, to contact in a timely fashion each person identified in each report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, in order to afford such person or government, the opportunity to provide explanatory, exculpatory, or other additional information with respect to the transfer that caused such person to be identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a); and (2) to exercise the authority in subsection (a) in all cases where information obtained from a foreign person identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or from the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, establishes that the exercise of such authority is warranted. NOTIFICATION TO SECURITIES COMMISSION OF INCLUSION IN REPORT. In this section, the following definitions shall apply: (1) Commission. (2) Registered national securities association. 78o3(b)). (4) Registration statement. (b) Notification to the Commission. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate regulations (1) to ensure that securities investors are notified of the identity of any person included in a report prepared by the President under section 3, the securities of which are listed, or authorized for listing, on a registered national securities exchange (or tier or segment thereof) or by a registered national securities association; and (2) to require each person included in a report of the President under section 3 to provide notice of such inclusion in each written report, statement, or other filing or notice required from that person under the securities laws, including (A) any registration statement; (B) any annual or quarterly report, statement, or other filing or notice; (C) any proxy, consent, authorization, information statement, or other notice required to be sent to shareholders with respect to any security registered pursuant to the securities laws; (D) any report, statement, or other filing or notice required in connection with an initial public offering; and (E) any report, statement, or other filing required in connection with a merger, acquisition, tender offer, or similar transaction.(1) Definition. ; with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with the appropriate tier. (2) Referral to committee. (A) Senate. A joint resolution may not be reported before the 8th day after the date on which the joint resolution is introduced. A motion under clause (i) (I) is privileged in the Senate and is highly privileged in the House of Representatives; (II) is not debatable; and (III) is not subject to amendment, a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. If a motion under clause (i) is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the House until the House disposes of the joint resolution. (i) Time. An amendment to a joint resolution, a motion to postpone, to proceed to the consideration of other business, or to recommit such a joint resolution, or a motion to reconsider the vote by which such a joint resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. A vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall be taken in each House on or before the close of the 15th calendar day during which that House is in session after the resolution is reported by the committee of that House to which it was referred, or after the committee has been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of either House to the procedure relating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. With respect to a joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. This subsection is enacted by Congress (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively; and (i) is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution; and (ii) supersedes other rules only to the extent that the subsection is inconsistent with those rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as the rules relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. DETERMINATION EXEMPTING PERSON OR THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA FROM SECTIONS 4 AND 5. (b) Opportunity To Provide Information. Congress urges the President (1) in every appropriate case, to contact in a timely fashion each person identified in each report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, in order to afford such person or government, the opportunity to provide explanatory, exculpatory, or other additional information with respect to the transfer that caused such person to be identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a); and (2) to exercise the authority in subsection (a) in all cases where information obtained from a foreign person identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or from the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, establishes that the exercise of such authority is warranted. NOTIFICATION TO SECURITIES COMMISSION OF INCLUSION IN REPORT. In this section, the following definitions shall apply: (1) Commission. (2) Registered national securities association. 78o3(b)). (4) Registration statement. (b) Notification to the Commission. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate regulations (1) to ensure that securities investors are notified of the identity of any person included in a report prepared by the President under section 3, the securities of which are listed, or authorized for listing, on a registered national securities exchange (or tier or segment thereof) or by a registered national securities association; and (2) to require each person included in a report of the President under section 3 to provide notice of such inclusion in each written report, statement, or other filing or notice required from that person under the securities laws, including (A) any registration statement; (B) any annual or quarterly report, statement, or other filing or notice; (C) any proxy, consent, authorization, information statement, or other notice required to be sent to shareholders with respect to any security registered pursuant to the securities laws; (D) any report, statement, or other filing or notice required in connection with an initial public offering; and (E) any report, statement, or other filing required in connection with a merger, acquisition, tender offer, or similar transaction.(1) Definition. ; with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with the appropriate tier. (2) Referral to committee. (A) Senate. A joint resolution may not be reported before the 8th day after the date on which the joint resolution is introduced. A motion under clause (i) (I) is privileged in the Senate and is highly privileged in the House of Representatives; (II) is not debatable; and (III) is not subject to amendment, a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. If a motion under clause (i) is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the House until the House disposes of the joint resolution. (i) Time. An amendment to a joint resolution, a motion to postpone, to proceed to the consideration of other business, or to recommit such a joint resolution, or a motion to reconsider the vote by which such a joint resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. A vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall be taken in each House on or before the close of the 15th calendar day during which that House is in session after the resolution is reported by the committee of that House to which it was referred, or after the committee has been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of either House to the procedure relating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. With respect to a joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. This subsection is enacted by Congress (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively; and (i) is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution; and (ii) supersedes other rules only to the extent that the subsection is inconsistent with those rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as the rules relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. DETERMINATION EXEMPTING PERSON OR THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA FROM SECTIONS 4 AND 5. (b) Opportunity To Provide Information. Congress urges the President (1) in every appropriate case, to contact in a timely fashion each person identified in each report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, in order to afford such person or government, the opportunity to provide explanatory, exculpatory, or other additional information with respect to the transfer that caused such person to be identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a); and (2) to exercise the authority in subsection (a) in all cases where information obtained from a foreign person identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3(a), or from the government with primary jurisdiction over such person, establishes that the exercise of such authority is warranted. NOTIFICATION TO SECURITIES COMMISSION OF INCLUSION IN REPORT. In this section, the following definitions shall apply: (1) Commission. (2) Registered national securities association. 78o3(b)). (4) Registration statement. (b) Notification to the Commission. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate regulations (1) to ensure that securities investors are notified of the identity of any person included in a report prepared by the President under section 3, the securities of which are listed, or authorized for listing, on a registered national securities exchange (or tier or segment thereof) or by a registered national securities association; and (2) to require each person included in a report of the President under section 3 to provide notice of such inclusion in each written report, statement, or other filing or notice required from that person under the securities laws, including (A) any registration statement; (B) any annual or quarterly report, statement, or other filing or notice; (C) any proxy, consent, authorization, information statement, or other notice required to be sent to shareholders with respect to any security registered pursuant to the securities laws; (D) any report, statement, or other filing or notice required in connection with an initial public offering; and (E) any report, statement, or other filing required in connection with a merger, acquisition, tender offer, or similar transaction.