This Act may be cited as the Dismemberment Abortion Ban Act of 2015. 2. Chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: Sec. Any physician who, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, knowingly performs a dismemberment abortion and thereby kills an unborn child shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. This subsection does not apply to a dismemberment abortion that is necessary to save the life of a mother whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit abortions performed for any reason, including when the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest, if performed by a method other than dismemberment abortion. A parent of a minor upon whom an abortion has been performed in violation of any provision of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the violation obtain appropriate relief, unless the pregnancy resulted from the plaintiff's criminal conduct. Appropriate relief in a civil action under this subsection includes (A) objectively verifiable money damages for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation; (B) statutory damages equal to three times the cost of the abortion; and (C) punitive damages. Except under paragraph (5), in a civil action under this subsection, no damages, attorney's fee or other monetary relief may be assessed against the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted. (2) Dismemberment abortion. The term `dismemberment abortion' (A) means, with the purpose of causing the death of an unborn child, knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time or intact but crushed from the uterus through the use of clamps, grasping forceps, tongs, scissors or similar instruments that, through the convergence of two rigid levers, slice, crush or grasp a portion of the unborn child's body in order to cut or rip it off or crush it; but (B) does not include an abortion which uses suction to dismember the body of the unborn child by sucking fetal parts into a collection container unless the actions described in subparagraph (A) are used to cause the death of an unborn child but suction is subsequently used to extract fetal parts after the death of the unborn child. The term `minor' means an individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. (4) Physician. (5) Unborn child. The chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking PARTIALBIRTH ABORTIONS and inserting ABORTIONS. (2) Table of chapters for part i.This Act may be cited as the Dismemberment Abortion Ban Act of 2015. 2. Chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: Sec. Any physician who, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, knowingly performs a dismemberment abortion and thereby kills an unborn child shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. This subsection does not apply to a dismemberment abortion that is necessary to save the life of a mother whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit abortions performed for any reason, including when the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest, if performed by a method other than dismemberment abortion. A parent of a minor upon whom an abortion has been performed in violation of any provision of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the violation obtain appropriate relief, unless the pregnancy resulted from the plaintiff's criminal conduct. Appropriate relief in a civil action under this subsection includes (A) objectively verifiable money damages for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation; (B) statutory damages equal to three times the cost of the abortion; and (C) punitive damages. Except under paragraph (5), in a civil action under this subsection, no damages, attorney's fee or other monetary relief may be assessed against the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted. (2) Dismemberment abortion. The term `dismemberment abortion' (A) means, with the purpose of causing the death of an unborn child, knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time or intact but crushed from the uterus through the use of clamps, grasping forceps, tongs, scissors or similar instruments that, through the convergence of two rigid levers, slice, crush or grasp a portion of the unborn child's body in order to cut or rip it off or crush it; but (B) does not include an abortion which uses suction to dismember the body of the unborn child by sucking fetal parts into a collection container unless the actions described in subparagraph (A) are used to cause the death of an unborn child but suction is subsequently used to extract fetal parts after the death of the unborn child. The term `minor' means an individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. (4) Physician. (5) Unborn child. The chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking PARTIALBIRTH ABORTIONS and inserting ABORTIONS. (2) Table of chapters for part i.This Act may be cited as the Dismemberment Abortion Ban Act of 2015. 2. Chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: Sec. Any physician who, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, knowingly performs a dismemberment abortion and thereby kills an unborn child shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. This subsection does not apply to a dismemberment abortion that is necessary to save the life of a mother whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit abortions performed for any reason, including when the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest, if performed by a method other than dismemberment abortion. A parent of a minor upon whom an abortion has been performed in violation of any provision of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the violation obtain appropriate relief, unless the pregnancy resulted from the plaintiff's criminal conduct. Appropriate relief in a civil action under this subsection includes (A) objectively verifiable money damages for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation; (B) statutory damages equal to three times the cost of the abortion; and (C) punitive damages. Except under paragraph (5), in a civil action under this subsection, no damages, attorney's fee or other monetary relief may be assessed against the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted. (2) Dismemberment abortion. The term `dismemberment abortion' (A) means, with the purpose of causing the death of an unborn child, knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time or intact but crushed from the uterus through the use of clamps, grasping forceps, tongs, scissors or similar instruments that, through the convergence of two rigid levers, slice, crush or grasp a portion of the unborn child's body in order to cut or rip it off or crush it; but (B) does not include an abortion which uses suction to dismember the body of the unborn child by sucking fetal parts into a collection container unless the actions described in subparagraph (A) are used to cause the death of an unborn child but suction is subsequently used to extract fetal parts after the death of the unborn child. The term `minor' means an individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. (4) Physician. (5) Unborn child. The chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking PARTIALBIRTH ABORTIONS and inserting ABORTIONS. (2) Table of chapters for part i.This Act may be cited as the Dismemberment Abortion Ban Act of 2015. 2. Chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: Sec. Any physician who, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, knowingly performs a dismemberment abortion and thereby kills an unborn child shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. This subsection does not apply to a dismemberment abortion that is necessary to save the life of a mother whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit abortions performed for any reason, including when the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest, if performed by a method other than dismemberment abortion. A parent of a minor upon whom an abortion has been performed in violation of any provision of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the violation obtain appropriate relief, unless the pregnancy resulted from the plaintiff's criminal conduct. Appropriate relief in a civil action under this subsection includes (A) objectively verifiable money damages for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation; (B) statutory damages equal to three times the cost of the abortion; and (C) punitive damages. Except under paragraph (5), in a civil action under this subsection, no damages, attorney's fee or other monetary relief may be assessed against the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted. (2) Dismemberment abortion. The term `dismemberment abortion' (A) means, with the purpose of causing the death of an unborn child, knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time or intact but crushed from the uterus through the use of clamps, grasping forceps, tongs, scissors or similar instruments that, through the convergence of two rigid levers, slice, crush or grasp a portion of the unborn child's body in order to cut or rip it off or crush it; but (B) does not include an abortion which uses suction to dismember the body of the unborn child by sucking fetal parts into a collection container unless the actions described in subparagraph (A) are used to cause the death of an unborn child but suction is subsequently used to extract fetal parts after the death of the unborn child. The term `minor' means an individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. (4) Physician. (5) Unborn child. The chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking PARTIALBIRTH ABORTIONS and inserting ABORTIONS. (2) Table of chapters for part i.