2. The International Association of Counseling Services accreditation standards recommend 1 counselor per 1,000 to 1,500 students. The majority of counseling directors report concerns that the demand for services is growing without an increase in resources. (5) Research conducted between 1989 and 2002 found that students seen for anxiety disorders doubled, for depression tripled, and for serious suicidal intention tripled. (6) Many students who need help never receive it. (7) A survey conducted by the University of Idaho Student Counseling Center in 2000 found that 77 percent of students who responded reported that they were more likely to stay in school because of counseling and that their school performance would have declined without counseling. (8) A 6year longitudinal study of college students found that personal and emotional adjustment was an important factor in retention and predicted attrition as well as, or better than, academic adjustment (Gerdes & Mallinckrodt, 1994). S. (a) Purpose. It is the purpose of this section, with respect to college and university settings, to (1) increase access to mental and behavioral health services; (2) foster and improve the prevention of mental and behavioral health disorders, and the promotion of mental health; (3) improve the identification and treatment for students at risk; (4) improve collaboration and the development of appropriate levels of mental and behavioral health care; (5) reduce the stigma for students with mental health disorders and enhance their access to mental health services; and (6) improve the efficacy of outreach efforts. To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (b), an entity shall (1) be an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. An application for a grant under this section shall include (1) a description of the population to be targeted by the program carried out under the grant, the particular mental and behavioral health needs of the students involved, and the Federal, State, local, private, and institutional resources available for meeting the needs of such students at the time the application is submitted; (2) an outline of the objectives of the program carried out under the grant; (3) a description of activities, services, and training to be provided under the program, including planned outreach strategies to reach students not currently seeking services; (4) a plan to seek input from community mental health providers, when available, community groups, and other public and private entities in carrying out the program; (5) a plan, when applicable, to meet the specific mental and behavioral health needs of veterans attending institutions of higher education; (6) a description of the methods to be used to evaluate the outcomes and effectiveness of the program; and (7) an assurance that grant funds will be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds available to carry out activities of the type carried out under the grant. (f) Use of Funds. Amounts received under a grant under this section may be used to (1) provide mental and behavioral health services to students, including prevention, promotion of mental health, screening, early intervention, assessment, treatment, management, and education services relating to the mental and behavioral health of students; (2) provide outreach services to notify students about the existence of mental and behavioral health services; (3) educate families, peers, faculty, staff, and communities to increase awareness of mental health issues; (4) support student groups on campus that engage in activities to educate students, reduce stigma surrounding mental and behavioral disorders, and promote mental health wellness; (5) employ appropriately trained staff; (6) expand mental health training through internship, postdoctorate, and residency programs; (7) develop and support evidencebased and emerging best practices, including a focus on culturally and linguistically appropriate best practices; and (8) evaluate and disseminate best practices to other colleges and universities. (2) Report. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. MENTAL AND BEHAVIORAL HEALTH OUTREACH AND EDUCATION ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES. Such campaign shall be designed to (1) improve the general understanding of mental health and mental health disorders; (2) encourage helpseeking behaviors relating to the promotion of mental health, prevention of mental health disorders, and treatment of such disorders; (3) make the connection between mental and behavioral health and academic success; and (4) assist the general public in identifying the early warning signs and reducing the stigma of mental illness. The working group under subsection (b) shall include (1) mental health consumers, including students and family members; (2) representatives of colleges and universities; (3) representatives of national mental and behavioral health and college associations; (4) representatives of college health promotion and prevention organizations; (5) representatives of mental health providers, including community mental health centers; and (6) representatives of private and publicsector groups with experience in the development of effective public health education campaigns. (d) Plan. (e) Authorization of Appropriations. The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the Secretary) shall establish a College Campus Task Force (referred to in this section as the Task Force), under the Federal Executive Steering Committee on Mental Health, to discuss mental and behavioral health concerns on college and university campuses.2. The International Association of Counseling Services accreditation standards recommend 1 counselor per 1,000 to 1,500 students. The majority of counseling directors report concerns that the demand for services is growing without an increase in resources. (5) Research conducted between 1989 and 2002 found that students seen for anxiety disorders doubled, for depression tripled, and for serious suicidal intention tripled. (6) Many students who need help never receive it. (7) A survey conducted by the University of Idaho Student Counseling Center in 2000 found that 77 percent of students who responded reported that they were more likely to stay in school because of counseling and that their school performance would have declined without counseling. (8) A 6year longitudinal study of college students found that personal and emotional adjustment was an important factor in retention and predicted attrition as well as, or better than, academic adjustment (Gerdes & Mallinckrodt, 1994). S. (a) Purpose. It is the purpose of this section, with respect to college and university settings, to (1) increase access to mental and behavioral health services; (2) foster and improve the prevention of mental and behavioral health disorders, and the promotion of mental health; (3) improve the identification and treatment for students at risk; (4) improve collaboration and the development of appropriate levels of mental and behavioral health care; (5) reduce the stigma for students with mental health disorders and enhance their access to mental health services; and (6) improve the efficacy of outreach efforts. To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (b), an entity shall (1) be an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. An application for a grant under this section shall include (1) a description of the population to be targeted by the program carried out under the grant, the particular mental and behavioral health needs of the students involved, and the Federal, State, local, private, and institutional resources available for meeting the needs of such students at the time the application is submitted; (2) an outline of the objectives of the program carried out under the grant; (3) a description of activities, services, and training to be provided under the program, including planned outreach strategies to reach students not currently seeking services; (4) a plan to seek input from community mental health providers, when available, community groups, and other public and private entities in carrying out the program; (5) a plan, when applicable, to meet the specific mental and behavioral health needs of veterans attending institutions of higher education; (6) a description of the methods to be used to evaluate the outcomes and effectiveness of the program; and (7) an assurance that grant funds will be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds available to carry out activities of the type carried out under the grant. (f) Use of Funds. Amounts received under a grant under this section may be used to (1) provide mental and behavioral health services to students, including prevention, promotion of mental health, screening, early intervention, assessment, treatment, management, and education services relating to the mental and behavioral health of students; (2) provide outreach services to notify students about the existence of mental and behavioral health services; (3) educate families, peers, faculty, staff, and communities to increase awareness of mental health issues; (4) support student groups on campus that engage in activities to educate students, reduce stigma surrounding mental and behavioral disorders, and promote mental health wellness; (5) employ appropriately trained staff; (6) expand mental health training through internship, postdoctorate, and residency programs; (7) develop and support evidencebased and emerging best practices, including a focus on culturally and linguistically appropriate best practices; and (8) evaluate and disseminate best practices to other colleges and universities. (2) Report. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. MENTAL AND BEHAVIORAL HEALTH OUTREACH AND EDUCATION ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES. Such campaign shall be designed to (1) improve the general understanding of mental health and mental health disorders; (2) encourage helpseeking behaviors relating to the promotion of mental health, prevention of mental health disorders, and treatment of such disorders; (3) make the connection between mental and behavioral health and academic success; and (4) assist the general public in identifying the early warning signs and reducing the stigma of mental illness. The working group under subsection (b) shall include (1) mental health consumers, including students and family members; (2) representatives of colleges and universities; (3) representatives of national mental and behavioral health and college associations; (4) representatives of college health promotion and prevention organizations; (5) representatives of mental health providers, including community mental health centers; and (6) representatives of private and publicsector groups with experience in the development of effective public health education campaigns. (d) Plan. (e) Authorization of Appropriations. The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the Secretary) shall establish a College Campus Task Force (referred to in this section as the Task Force), under the Federal Executive Steering Committee on Mental Health, to discuss mental and behavioral health concerns on college and university campuses.2. The International Association of Counseling Services accreditation standards recommend 1 counselor per 1,000 to 1,500 students. The majority of counseling directors report concerns that the demand for services is growing without an increase in resources. (5) Research conducted between 1989 and 2002 found that students seen for anxiety disorders doubled, for depression tripled, and for serious suicidal intention tripled. (6) Many students who need help never receive it. (7) A survey conducted by the University of Idaho Student Counseling Center in 2000 found that 77 percent of students who responded reported that they were more likely to stay in school because of counseling and that their school performance would have declined without counseling. (8) A 6year longitudinal study of college students found that personal and emotional adjustment was an important factor in retention and predicted attrition as well as, or better than, academic adjustment (Gerdes & Mallinckrodt, 1994). S. (a) Purpose. It is the purpose of this section, with respect to college and university settings, to (1) increase access to mental and behavioral health services; (2) foster and improve the prevention of mental and behavioral health disorders, and the promotion of mental health; (3) improve the identification and treatment for students at risk; (4) improve collaboration and the development of appropriate levels of mental and behavioral health care; (5) reduce the stigma for students with mental health disorders and enhance their access to mental health services; and (6) improve the efficacy of outreach efforts. To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (b), an entity shall (1) be an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. An application for a grant under this section shall include (1) a description of the population to be targeted by the program carried out under the grant, the particular mental and behavioral health needs of the students involved, and the Federal, State, local, private, and institutional resources available for meeting the needs of such students at the time the application is submitted; (2) an outline of the objectives of the program carried out under the grant; (3) a description of activities, services, and training to be provided under the program, including planned outreach strategies to reach students not currently seeking services; (4) a plan to seek input from community mental health providers, when available, community groups, and other public and private entities in carrying out the program; (5) a plan, when applicable, to meet the specific mental and behavioral health needs of veterans attending institutions of higher education; (6) a description of the methods to be used to evaluate the outcomes and effectiveness of the program; and (7) an assurance that grant funds will be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds available to carry out activities of the type carried out under the grant. (f) Use of Funds. Amounts received under a grant under this section may be used to (1) provide mental and behavioral health services to students, including prevention, promotion of mental health, screening, early intervention, assessment, treatment, management, and education services relating to the mental and behavioral health of students; (2) provide outreach services to notify students about the existence of mental and behavioral health services; (3) educate families, peers, faculty, staff, and communities to increase awareness of mental health issues; (4) support student groups on campus that engage in activities to educate students, reduce stigma surrounding mental and behavioral disorders, and promote mental health wellness; (5) employ appropriately trained staff; (6) expand mental health training through internship, postdoctorate, and residency programs; (7) develop and support evidencebased and emerging best practices, including a focus on culturally and linguistically appropriate best practices; and (8) evaluate and disseminate best practices to other colleges and universities. (2) Report. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. MENTAL AND BEHAVIORAL HEALTH OUTREACH AND EDUCATION ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES. Such campaign shall be designed to (1) improve the general understanding of mental health and mental health disorders; (2) encourage helpseeking behaviors relating to the promotion of mental health, prevention of mental health disorders, and treatment of such disorders; (3) make the connection between mental and behavioral health and academic success; and (4) assist the general public in identifying the early warning signs and reducing the stigma of mental illness. The working group under subsection (b) shall include (1) mental health consumers, including students and family members; (2) representatives of colleges and universities; (3) representatives of national mental and behavioral health and college associations; (4) representatives of college health promotion and prevention organizations; (5) representatives of mental health providers, including community mental health centers; and (6) representatives of private and publicsector groups with experience in the development of effective public health education campaigns. (d) Plan. (e) Authorization of Appropriations. The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the Secretary) shall establish a College Campus Task Force (referred to in this section as the Task Force), under the Federal Executive Steering Committee on Mental Health, to discuss mental and behavioral health concerns on college and university campuses.2. The International Association of Counseling Services accreditation standards recommend 1 counselor per 1,000 to 1,500 students. The majority of counseling directors report concerns that the demand for services is growing without an increase in resources. (5) Research conducted between 1989 and 2002 found that students seen for anxiety disorders doubled, for depression tripled, and for serious suicidal intention tripled. (6) Many students who need help never receive it. (7) A survey conducted by the University of Idaho Student Counseling Center in 2000 found that 77 percent of students who responded reported that they were more likely to stay in school because of counseling and that their school performance would have declined without counseling. (8) A 6year longitudinal study of college students found that personal and emotional adjustment was an important factor in retention and predicted attrition as well as, or better than, academic adjustment (Gerdes & Mallinckrodt, 1994). S. (a) Purpose. It is the purpose of this section, with respect to college and university settings, to (1) increase access to mental and behavioral health services; (2) foster and improve the prevention of mental and behavioral health disorders, and the promotion of mental health; (3) improve the identification and treatment for students at risk; (4) improve collaboration and the development of appropriate levels of mental and behavioral health care; (5) reduce the stigma for students with mental health disorders and enhance their access to mental health services; and (6) improve the efficacy of outreach efforts. To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (b), an entity shall (1) be an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. An application for a grant under this section shall include (1) a description of the population to be targeted by the program carried out under the grant, the particular mental and behavioral health needs of the students involved, and the Federal, State, local, private, and institutional resources available for meeting the needs of such students at the time the application is submitted; (2) an outline of the objectives of the program carried out under the grant; (3) a description of activities, services, and training to be provided under the program, including planned outreach strategies to reach students not currently seeking services; (4) a plan to seek input from community mental health providers, when available, community groups, and other public and private entities in carrying out the program; (5) a plan, when applicable, to meet the specific mental and behavioral health needs of veterans attending institutions of higher education; (6) a description of the methods to be used to evaluate the outcomes and effectiveness of the program; and (7) an assurance that grant funds will be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds available to carry out activities of the type carried out under the grant. (f) Use of Funds. Amounts received under a grant under this section may be used to (1) provide mental and behavioral health services to students, including prevention, promotion of mental health, screening, early intervention, assessment, treatment, management, and education services relating to the mental and behavioral health of students; (2) provide outreach services to notify students about the existence of mental and behavioral health services; (3) educate families, peers, faculty, staff, and communities to increase awareness of mental health issues; (4) support student groups on campus that engage in activities to educate students, reduce stigma surrounding mental and behavioral disorders, and promote mental health wellness; (5) employ appropriately trained staff; (6) expand mental health training through internship, postdoctorate, and residency programs; (7) develop and support evidencebased and emerging best practices, including a focus on culturally and linguistically appropriate best practices; and (8) evaluate and disseminate best practices to other colleges and universities. (2) Report. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. MENTAL AND BEHAVIORAL HEALTH OUTREACH AND EDUCATION ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES. Such campaign shall be designed to (1) improve the general understanding of mental health and mental health disorders; (2) encourage helpseeking behaviors relating to the promotion of mental health, prevention of mental health disorders, and treatment of such disorders; (3) make the connection between mental and behavioral health and academic success; and (4) assist the general public in identifying the early warning signs and reducing the stigma of mental illness. The working group under subsection (b) shall include (1) mental health consumers, including students and family members; (2) representatives of colleges and universities; (3) representatives of national mental and behavioral health and college associations; (4) representatives of college health promotion and prevention organizations; (5) representatives of mental health providers, including community mental health centers; and (6) representatives of private and publicsector groups with experience in the development of effective public health education campaigns. (d) Plan. (e) Authorization of Appropriations. The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the Secretary) shall establish a College Campus Task Force (referred to in this section as the Task Force), under the Federal Executive Steering Committee on Mental Health, to discuss mental and behavioral health concerns on college and university campuses.