SECTION 1. 2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) In March 2011, peaceful demonstrations in Syria began against the authoritarian rule of Bashar alAssad. The regime responded with terrible violence against the citizens of Syria, including the use of weapons of war, torture, extrajudicial killings, arbitrary executions, sexual violence, and interference with access to medical treatment. (2) In December 2011, the Government of Syria agreed to allow an Arab League observer group into the country to assess the humanitarian and political situation on the ground. (4) On March 16, 2012, United Nations and League of Arab States Special Envoy Kofi Annan presented a sixpoint peace plan for Syria that called on the Government of Syria to, among other things (A) commit to stop the fighting and urgently achieve a United Nationssupervised cessation of violence; (B) cease military activity in and around civilian population centers; (C) work with the Envoy in an inclusive Syrianled political process; (D) ensure timely provision of humanitarian assistance; (E) release arbitrarily detained persons; (F) ensure freedom of movement for journalists; and (G) respect the freedom of association and the right to demonstrate peacefully. (6) In April 2012, the group Friends of the Syrian People met in Istanbul and committed to increase pressure on the Assad regime, provide greater humanitarian relief to people in need, and support the Syrian opposition as it works toward an inclusive democratic transition. (7) As of July 2012, the Londonbased Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimated that more than 20,000 people have been killed as a result of the violence in Syria, while the United Nations has reportedly stopped keeping track of casualty numbers due to the difficulty in obtaining accurate information from inside Syria. The United Nations expects aid agencies to provide food aid to 850,000 Syrians in July 2012, up from 500,000 the previous month. According to the United Nations, there are more than 100,000 Syrian refugees registered in Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan, and Iraq, and even more who are unregistered. (11) In June 2012, UNHCR more than doubled its appeal for assistance for Syrian refugees to $193,000,000, reflecting the significant increase in the number of refugees in need of assistance. (13) The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) issued an urgent appeal for $20,000,000 to meet the emergency needs of children and young people who have fled the violence in Syria. (15) In July 2012, Human Rights Watch reported widespread torture and mistreatment of political prisoners being held in detention facilities managed by intelligence agencies of the Government of Syria. (16) As of July 2012, the United States Government has pledged $52,000,000 in humanitarian and nonlethal assistance to Syria. In a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate in March 2012, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey testified that the magnitude of Syria's chemical weapons arsenal was 100 times more than we experienced in Libya. SEC. The Special Envoy for Syria should be given a clear mandate (1) to direct United States Government efforts to provide assistance to civilians and innocent victims of the conflict in Syria; (2) to provide detailed assessments of challenges and progress on the ground in Syria with regard to providing humanitarian relief, supporting an inclusive political transition, assisting internally displaced persons and refugees, reintegrating former combatants, and securing conventional and unconventional weapons; and (3) to pursue a peaceful, inclusive democratic future for Syria that protects the rights of all ethnic and religious minorities. (c) Coordination With Other Donor Nations. The President should instruct the United States permanent representative or executive director, as the case may be, to the United Nations voluntary agencies, including the World Food Program, the United Nations Development Program, and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and other appropriate international organizations to use the voice and vote of the United States to support additional humanitarian and development assistance for the people of Syria in order to accomplish the policy objectives described in section 3. INCREASING BILATERAL ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES THAT HOST SYRIAN REFUGEES. Of the amounts made available to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. 2151 et seq. ) for fiscal years 2013 and 2014, such sums as may be necessary should be allocated for bilateral refugee assistance programs in the countries surrounding Syria. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall instruct the Secretary of State to work with the appropriate United Nations agencies, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and the broader international community to establish an international donors group to maximize resources and efficiently provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. (3) Supporting disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of combatants and members of militias. SECURING UNCONVENTIONAL WEAPONS IN SYRIA. The United States should work with regional partners to develop a plan, to be implemented in the event of a political transition, to (1) identify and secure conventional and unconventional weapons stockpiles in Syria; (2) recover and dispose of all unconventional weapons stockpiled in Syria, with particular attention to chemical weapons; and (3) prevent the illicit sale or transfer of conventional and unconventional weapons out of Syria in order to preclude regional weapons proliferation. It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State should submit a budget request for fiscal year 2014 that contains an increase in bilateral nonproliferation, demining, and antiterrorism assistance for Syria toward accomplishing the policy objectives described in this section. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a detailed report on the implementation of this Act, including a description of (1) progress made as a result of humanitarian and stabilization efforts, including refugee assistance in Syria; (2) progress made toward establishing an inclusive, democratic government that protects the rights of all Syrians; and (3) key challenges, gaps, and obstacles to further enhancing stability and peace in Syria, including between Syria and its neighbors.SECTION 1. 2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) In March 2011, peaceful demonstrations in Syria began against the authoritarian rule of Bashar alAssad. The regime responded with terrible violence against the citizens of Syria, including the use of weapons of war, torture, extrajudicial killings, arbitrary executions, sexual violence, and interference with access to medical treatment. (2) In December 2011, the Government of Syria agreed to allow an Arab League observer group into the country to assess the humanitarian and political situation on the ground. (4) On March 16, 2012, United Nations and League of Arab States Special Envoy Kofi Annan presented a sixpoint peace plan for Syria that called on the Government of Syria to, among other things (A) commit to stop the fighting and urgently achieve a United Nationssupervised cessation of violence; (B) cease military activity in and around civilian population centers; (C) work with the Envoy in an inclusive Syrianled political process; (D) ensure timely provision of humanitarian assistance; (E) release arbitrarily detained persons; (F) ensure freedom of movement for journalists; and (G) respect the freedom of association and the right to demonstrate peacefully. (6) In April 2012, the group Friends of the Syrian People met in Istanbul and committed to increase pressure on the Assad regime, provide greater humanitarian relief to people in need, and support the Syrian opposition as it works toward an inclusive democratic transition. (7) As of July 2012, the Londonbased Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimated that more than 20,000 people have been killed as a result of the violence in Syria, while the United Nations has reportedly stopped keeping track of casualty numbers due to the difficulty in obtaining accurate information from inside Syria. The United Nations expects aid agencies to provide food aid to 850,000 Syrians in July 2012, up from 500,000 the previous month. According to the United Nations, there are more than 100,000 Syrian refugees registered in Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan, and Iraq, and even more who are unregistered. (11) In June 2012, UNHCR more than doubled its appeal for assistance for Syrian refugees to $193,000,000, reflecting the significant increase in the number of refugees in need of assistance. (13) The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) issued an urgent appeal for $20,000,000 to meet the emergency needs of children and young people who have fled the violence in Syria. (15) In July 2012, Human Rights Watch reported widespread torture and mistreatment of political prisoners being held in detention facilities managed by intelligence agencies of the Government of Syria. (16) As of July 2012, the United States Government has pledged $52,000,000 in humanitarian and nonlethal assistance to Syria. In a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate in March 2012, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey testified that the magnitude of Syria's chemical weapons arsenal was 100 times more than we experienced in Libya. SEC. The Special Envoy for Syria should be given a clear mandate (1) to direct United States Government efforts to provide assistance to civilians and innocent victims of the conflict in Syria; (2) to provide detailed assessments of challenges and progress on the ground in Syria with regard to providing humanitarian relief, supporting an inclusive political transition, assisting internally displaced persons and refugees, reintegrating former combatants, and securing conventional and unconventional weapons; and (3) to pursue a peaceful, inclusive democratic future for Syria that protects the rights of all ethnic and religious minorities. (c) Coordination With Other Donor Nations. The President should instruct the United States permanent representative or executive director, as the case may be, to the United Nations voluntary agencies, including the World Food Program, the United Nations Development Program, and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and other appropriate international organizations to use the voice and vote of the United States to support additional humanitarian and development assistance for the people of Syria in order to accomplish the policy objectives described in section 3. INCREASING BILATERAL ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES THAT HOST SYRIAN REFUGEES. Of the amounts made available to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. 2151 et seq. ) for fiscal years 2013 and 2014, such sums as may be necessary should be allocated for bilateral refugee assistance programs in the countries surrounding Syria. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall instruct the Secretary of State to work with the appropriate United Nations agencies, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and the broader international community to establish an international donors group to maximize resources and efficiently provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. (3) Supporting disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of combatants and members of militias. SECURING UNCONVENTIONAL WEAPONS IN SYRIA. The United States should work with regional partners to develop a plan, to be implemented in the event of a political transition, to (1) identify and secure conventional and unconventional weapons stockpiles in Syria; (2) recover and dispose of all unconventional weapons stockpiled in Syria, with particular attention to chemical weapons; and (3) prevent the illicit sale or transfer of conventional and unconventional weapons out of Syria in order to preclude regional weapons proliferation. It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State should submit a budget request for fiscal year 2014 that contains an increase in bilateral nonproliferation, demining, and antiterrorism assistance for Syria toward accomplishing the policy objectives described in this section. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a detailed report on the implementation of this Act, including a description of (1) progress made as a result of humanitarian and stabilization efforts, including refugee assistance in Syria; (2) progress made toward establishing an inclusive, democratic government that protects the rights of all Syrians; and (3) key challenges, gaps, and obstacles to further enhancing stability and peace in Syria, including between Syria and its neighbors.SECTION 1. 2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) In March 2011, peaceful demonstrations in Syria began against the authoritarian rule of Bashar alAssad. The regime responded with terrible violence against the citizens of Syria, including the use of weapons of war, torture, extrajudicial killings, arbitrary executions, sexual violence, and interference with access to medical treatment. (2) In December 2011, the Government of Syria agreed to allow an Arab League observer group into the country to assess the humanitarian and political situation on the ground. (4) On March 16, 2012, United Nations and League of Arab States Special Envoy Kofi Annan presented a sixpoint peace plan for Syria that called on the Government of Syria to, among other things (A) commit to stop the fighting and urgently achieve a United Nationssupervised cessation of violence; (B) cease military activity in and around civilian population centers; (C) work with the Envoy in an inclusive Syrianled political process; (D) ensure timely provision of humanitarian assistance; (E) release arbitrarily detained persons; (F) ensure freedom of movement for journalists; and (G) respect the freedom of association and the right to demonstrate peacefully. (6) In April 2012, the group Friends of the Syrian People met in Istanbul and committed to increase pressure on the Assad regime, provide greater humanitarian relief to people in need, and support the Syrian opposition as it works toward an inclusive democratic transition. (7) As of July 2012, the Londonbased Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimated that more than 20,000 people have been killed as a result of the violence in Syria, while the United Nations has reportedly stopped keeping track of casualty numbers due to the difficulty in obtaining accurate information from inside Syria. The United Nations expects aid agencies to provide food aid to 850,000 Syrians in July 2012, up from 500,000 the previous month. According to the United Nations, there are more than 100,000 Syrian refugees registered in Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan, and Iraq, and even more who are unregistered. (11) In June 2012, UNHCR more than doubled its appeal for assistance for Syrian refugees to $193,000,000, reflecting the significant increase in the number of refugees in need of assistance. (13) The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) issued an urgent appeal for $20,000,000 to meet the emergency needs of children and young people who have fled the violence in Syria. (15) In July 2012, Human Rights Watch reported widespread torture and mistreatment of political prisoners being held in detention facilities managed by intelligence agencies of the Government of Syria. (16) As of July 2012, the United States Government has pledged $52,000,000 in humanitarian and nonlethal assistance to Syria. In a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate in March 2012, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey testified that the magnitude of Syria's chemical weapons arsenal was 100 times more than we experienced in Libya. SEC. The Special Envoy for Syria should be given a clear mandate (1) to direct United States Government efforts to provide assistance to civilians and innocent victims of the conflict in Syria; (2) to provide detailed assessments of challenges and progress on the ground in Syria with regard to providing humanitarian relief, supporting an inclusive political transition, assisting internally displaced persons and refugees, reintegrating former combatants, and securing conventional and unconventional weapons; and (3) to pursue a peaceful, inclusive democratic future for Syria that protects the rights of all ethnic and religious minorities. (c) Coordination With Other Donor Nations. The President should instruct the United States permanent representative or executive director, as the case may be, to the United Nations voluntary agencies, including the World Food Program, the United Nations Development Program, and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and other appropriate international organizations to use the voice and vote of the United States to support additional humanitarian and development assistance for the people of Syria in order to accomplish the policy objectives described in section 3. INCREASING BILATERAL ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES THAT HOST SYRIAN REFUGEES. Of the amounts made available to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. 2151 et seq. ) for fiscal years 2013 and 2014, such sums as may be necessary should be allocated for bilateral refugee assistance programs in the countries surrounding Syria. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall instruct the Secretary of State to work with the appropriate United Nations agencies, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and the broader international community to establish an international donors group to maximize resources and efficiently provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. (3) Supporting disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of combatants and members of militias. SECURING UNCONVENTIONAL WEAPONS IN SYRIA. The United States should work with regional partners to develop a plan, to be implemented in the event of a political transition, to (1) identify and secure conventional and unconventional weapons stockpiles in Syria; (2) recover and dispose of all unconventional weapons stockpiled in Syria, with particular attention to chemical weapons; and (3) prevent the illicit sale or transfer of conventional and unconventional weapons out of Syria in order to preclude regional weapons proliferation. It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State should submit a budget request for fiscal year 2014 that contains an increase in bilateral nonproliferation, demining, and antiterrorism assistance for Syria toward accomplishing the policy objectives described in this section. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a detailed report on the implementation of this Act, including a description of (1) progress made as a result of humanitarian and stabilization efforts, including refugee assistance in Syria; (2) progress made toward establishing an inclusive, democratic government that protects the rights of all Syrians; and (3) key challenges, gaps, and obstacles to further enhancing stability and peace in Syria, including between Syria and its neighbors.SECTION 1. 2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) In March 2011, peaceful demonstrations in Syria began against the authoritarian rule of Bashar alAssad. The regime responded with terrible violence against the citizens of Syria, including the use of weapons of war, torture, extrajudicial killings, arbitrary executions, sexual violence, and interference with access to medical treatment. (2) In December 2011, the Government of Syria agreed to allow an Arab League observer group into the country to assess the humanitarian and political situation on the ground. (4) On March 16, 2012, United Nations and League of Arab States Special Envoy Kofi Annan presented a sixpoint peace plan for Syria that called on the Government of Syria to, among other things (A) commit to stop the fighting and urgently achieve a United Nationssupervised cessation of violence; (B) cease military activity in and around civilian population centers; (C) work with the Envoy in an inclusive Syrianled political process; (D) ensure timely provision of humanitarian assistance; (E) release arbitrarily detained persons; (F) ensure freedom of movement for journalists; and (G) respect the freedom of association and the right to demonstrate peacefully. (6) In April 2012, the group Friends of the Syrian People met in Istanbul and committed to increase pressure on the Assad regime, provide greater humanitarian relief to people in need, and support the Syrian opposition as it works toward an inclusive democratic transition. (7) As of July 2012, the Londonbased Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimated that more than 20,000 people have been killed as a result of the violence in Syria, while the United Nations has reportedly stopped keeping track of casualty numbers due to the difficulty in obtaining accurate information from inside Syria. The United Nations expects aid agencies to provide food aid to 850,000 Syrians in July 2012, up from 500,000 the previous month. According to the United Nations, there are more than 100,000 Syrian refugees registered in Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan, and Iraq, and even more who are unregistered. (11) In June 2012, UNHCR more than doubled its appeal for assistance for Syrian refugees to $193,000,000, reflecting the significant increase in the number of refugees in need of assistance. (13) The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) issued an urgent appeal for $20,000,000 to meet the emergency needs of children and young people who have fled the violence in Syria. (15) In July 2012, Human Rights Watch reported widespread torture and mistreatment of political prisoners being held in detention facilities managed by intelligence agencies of the Government of Syria. (16) As of July 2012, the United States Government has pledged $52,000,000 in humanitarian and nonlethal assistance to Syria. In a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate in March 2012, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey testified that the magnitude of Syria's chemical weapons arsenal was 100 times more than we experienced in Libya. SEC. The Special Envoy for Syria should be given a clear mandate (1) to direct United States Government efforts to provide assistance to civilians and innocent victims of the conflict in Syria; (2) to provide detailed assessments of challenges and progress on the ground in Syria with regard to providing humanitarian relief, supporting an inclusive political transition, assisting internally displaced persons and refugees, reintegrating former combatants, and securing conventional and unconventional weapons; and (3) to pursue a peaceful, inclusive democratic future for Syria that protects the rights of all ethnic and religious minorities. (c) Coordination With Other Donor Nations. The President should instruct the United States permanent representative or executive director, as the case may be, to the United Nations voluntary agencies, including the World Food Program, the United Nations Development Program, and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and other appropriate international organizations to use the voice and vote of the United States to support additional humanitarian and development assistance for the people of Syria in order to accomplish the policy objectives described in section 3. INCREASING BILATERAL ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES THAT HOST SYRIAN REFUGEES. Of the amounts made available to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. 2151 et seq. ) for fiscal years 2013 and 2014, such sums as may be necessary should be allocated for bilateral refugee assistance programs in the countries surrounding Syria. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall instruct the Secretary of State to work with the appropriate United Nations agencies, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and the broader international community to establish an international donors group to maximize resources and efficiently provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. (3) Supporting disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of combatants and members of militias. SECURING UNCONVENTIONAL WEAPONS IN SYRIA. The United States should work with regional partners to develop a plan, to be implemented in the event of a political transition, to (1) identify and secure conventional and unconventional weapons stockpiles in Syria; (2) recover and dispose of all unconventional weapons stockpiled in Syria, with particular attention to chemical weapons; and (3) prevent the illicit sale or transfer of conventional and unconventional weapons out of Syria in order to preclude regional weapons proliferation. It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State should submit a budget request for fiscal year 2014 that contains an increase in bilateral nonproliferation, demining, and antiterrorism assistance for Syria toward accomplishing the policy objectives described in this section. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a detailed report on the implementation of this Act, including a description of (1) progress made as a result of humanitarian and stabilization efforts, including refugee assistance in Syria; (2) progress made toward establishing an inclusive, democratic government that protects the rights of all Syrians; and (3) key challenges, gaps, and obstacles to further enhancing stability and peace in Syria, including between Syria and its neighbors.