SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Reducing Special Education Through Prevention Act. 2. C. Congress finds the following: (1) During 20022001 approximately 472,932 children between the ages of 6 and 21 who were receiving special education and related services were identified as having emotional disturbancesa 21. 7 percent of the total number of children with disabilities and approximately 1 percent of the general population of the United States. These students fail more classes, miss more days of school, have lower grades, are more frequently retained at the same grade level for more than 1 school year, drop out from school more frequently, and have lower graduation rates than do other students with disabilities. (3) At the Conference on Children's Mental Health in September 2000, the Surgeon General stated that `[c]hildren and families are suffering because of missed opportunities for prevention and early identification [of children with emotional disturbances], fragmented services, and low priorities for resources'. (4) Goal Number 3 of the Conference on Children's Mental Health Report is to improve the assessment and recognition of the mental health needs of children, including through the following actions: (A) Encourage early identification of mental health needs in existing preschool, childcare, education, health, welfare, juvenile justice, and substance abuse treatment systems. These systems of behavior support should emphasize universal, primary prevention methods that recognize the unique differences of all children and youth, but should include selective individual student support for those students with more intense and longterm needs. (5) Improving outcomes for children with emotional disturbances depends not only on improving the learning opportunities of such children, but also on promoting effective coordination among schools, families, and systems that provide services for such children, such as the social services, health, mental health, child welfare, and juvenile justice systems. Positive results of such coordination include increased retention in school, improved educational outcomes, and the cognitive, emotional, and behavioral development of such children. (7) Surveys of school administrators indicate that behavioral problems, lack of discipline, safety of students, and violence in schools are among top concerns with respect to public education today. (b) Purpose. The purpose of this subpart is to develop and implement strategies to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. SEC. 692. A State educational agency or local educational agency that desires to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the Secretary may require. A State educational agency or local educational agency, as the case may be, that receives a grant under this subpart may use amounts received under the grant to carry out activities that are consistent with the purpose of this subpart, including the following activities: (1) Universal, primary prevention strategies at the school level to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. The Secretary may reserve not more than 10 percent of the amount made available to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year for administrative expenses in carrying out this subpart, including expenses relating to the evaluation conducted under section 698. SEC. A State educational agency or local educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall submit annually to the Secretary a report that contains such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, including a description of the collection of data by the agency to ensure compliance with the requirements of this subpart (particularly the requirements contained in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 694(b)). The table of contents of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U. 1400(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: subpart 3grants to improve schoolbased early intervention services for children with emotional disturbances Sec. Sec.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Reducing Special Education Through Prevention Act. 2. C. Congress finds the following: (1) During 20022001 approximately 472,932 children between the ages of 6 and 21 who were receiving special education and related services were identified as having emotional disturbancesa 21. 7 percent of the total number of children with disabilities and approximately 1 percent of the general population of the United States. These students fail more classes, miss more days of school, have lower grades, are more frequently retained at the same grade level for more than 1 school year, drop out from school more frequently, and have lower graduation rates than do other students with disabilities. (3) At the Conference on Children's Mental Health in September 2000, the Surgeon General stated that `[c]hildren and families are suffering because of missed opportunities for prevention and early identification [of children with emotional disturbances], fragmented services, and low priorities for resources'. (4) Goal Number 3 of the Conference on Children's Mental Health Report is to improve the assessment and recognition of the mental health needs of children, including through the following actions: (A) Encourage early identification of mental health needs in existing preschool, childcare, education, health, welfare, juvenile justice, and substance abuse treatment systems. These systems of behavior support should emphasize universal, primary prevention methods that recognize the unique differences of all children and youth, but should include selective individual student support for those students with more intense and longterm needs. (5) Improving outcomes for children with emotional disturbances depends not only on improving the learning opportunities of such children, but also on promoting effective coordination among schools, families, and systems that provide services for such children, such as the social services, health, mental health, child welfare, and juvenile justice systems. Positive results of such coordination include increased retention in school, improved educational outcomes, and the cognitive, emotional, and behavioral development of such children. (7) Surveys of school administrators indicate that behavioral problems, lack of discipline, safety of students, and violence in schools are among top concerns with respect to public education today. (b) Purpose. The purpose of this subpart is to develop and implement strategies to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. SEC. 692. A State educational agency or local educational agency that desires to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the Secretary may require. A State educational agency or local educational agency, as the case may be, that receives a grant under this subpart may use amounts received under the grant to carry out activities that are consistent with the purpose of this subpart, including the following activities: (1) Universal, primary prevention strategies at the school level to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. The Secretary may reserve not more than 10 percent of the amount made available to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year for administrative expenses in carrying out this subpart, including expenses relating to the evaluation conducted under section 698. SEC. A State educational agency or local educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall submit annually to the Secretary a report that contains such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, including a description of the collection of data by the agency to ensure compliance with the requirements of this subpart (particularly the requirements contained in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 694(b)). The table of contents of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U. 1400(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: subpart 3grants to improve schoolbased early intervention services for children with emotional disturbances Sec. Sec.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Reducing Special Education Through Prevention Act. 2. C. Congress finds the following: (1) During 20022001 approximately 472,932 children between the ages of 6 and 21 who were receiving special education and related services were identified as having emotional disturbancesa 21. 7 percent of the total number of children with disabilities and approximately 1 percent of the general population of the United States. These students fail more classes, miss more days of school, have lower grades, are more frequently retained at the same grade level for more than 1 school year, drop out from school more frequently, and have lower graduation rates than do other students with disabilities. (3) At the Conference on Children's Mental Health in September 2000, the Surgeon General stated that `[c]hildren and families are suffering because of missed opportunities for prevention and early identification [of children with emotional disturbances], fragmented services, and low priorities for resources'. (4) Goal Number 3 of the Conference on Children's Mental Health Report is to improve the assessment and recognition of the mental health needs of children, including through the following actions: (A) Encourage early identification of mental health needs in existing preschool, childcare, education, health, welfare, juvenile justice, and substance abuse treatment systems. These systems of behavior support should emphasize universal, primary prevention methods that recognize the unique differences of all children and youth, but should include selective individual student support for those students with more intense and longterm needs. (5) Improving outcomes for children with emotional disturbances depends not only on improving the learning opportunities of such children, but also on promoting effective coordination among schools, families, and systems that provide services for such children, such as the social services, health, mental health, child welfare, and juvenile justice systems. Positive results of such coordination include increased retention in school, improved educational outcomes, and the cognitive, emotional, and behavioral development of such children. (7) Surveys of school administrators indicate that behavioral problems, lack of discipline, safety of students, and violence in schools are among top concerns with respect to public education today. (b) Purpose. The purpose of this subpart is to develop and implement strategies to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. SEC. 692. A State educational agency or local educational agency that desires to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the Secretary may require. A State educational agency or local educational agency, as the case may be, that receives a grant under this subpart may use amounts received under the grant to carry out activities that are consistent with the purpose of this subpart, including the following activities: (1) Universal, primary prevention strategies at the school level to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. The Secretary may reserve not more than 10 percent of the amount made available to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year for administrative expenses in carrying out this subpart, including expenses relating to the evaluation conducted under section 698. SEC. A State educational agency or local educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall submit annually to the Secretary a report that contains such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, including a description of the collection of data by the agency to ensure compliance with the requirements of this subpart (particularly the requirements contained in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 694(b)). The table of contents of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U. 1400(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: subpart 3grants to improve schoolbased early intervention services for children with emotional disturbances Sec. Sec.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Reducing Special Education Through Prevention Act. 2. C. Congress finds the following: (1) During 20022001 approximately 472,932 children between the ages of 6 and 21 who were receiving special education and related services were identified as having emotional disturbancesa 21. 7 percent of the total number of children with disabilities and approximately 1 percent of the general population of the United States. These students fail more classes, miss more days of school, have lower grades, are more frequently retained at the same grade level for more than 1 school year, drop out from school more frequently, and have lower graduation rates than do other students with disabilities. (3) At the Conference on Children's Mental Health in September 2000, the Surgeon General stated that `[c]hildren and families are suffering because of missed opportunities for prevention and early identification [of children with emotional disturbances], fragmented services, and low priorities for resources'. (4) Goal Number 3 of the Conference on Children's Mental Health Report is to improve the assessment and recognition of the mental health needs of children, including through the following actions: (A) Encourage early identification of mental health needs in existing preschool, childcare, education, health, welfare, juvenile justice, and substance abuse treatment systems. These systems of behavior support should emphasize universal, primary prevention methods that recognize the unique differences of all children and youth, but should include selective individual student support for those students with more intense and longterm needs. (5) Improving outcomes for children with emotional disturbances depends not only on improving the learning opportunities of such children, but also on promoting effective coordination among schools, families, and systems that provide services for such children, such as the social services, health, mental health, child welfare, and juvenile justice systems. Positive results of such coordination include increased retention in school, improved educational outcomes, and the cognitive, emotional, and behavioral development of such children. (7) Surveys of school administrators indicate that behavioral problems, lack of discipline, safety of students, and violence in schools are among top concerns with respect to public education today. (b) Purpose. The purpose of this subpart is to develop and implement strategies to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. SEC. 692. A State educational agency or local educational agency that desires to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the Secretary may require. A State educational agency or local educational agency, as the case may be, that receives a grant under this subpart may use amounts received under the grant to carry out activities that are consistent with the purpose of this subpart, including the following activities: (1) Universal, primary prevention strategies at the school level to reduce the number of children who have, or who are at risk of developing, emotional disturbances that require the provision of special education and related services under this Act. The Secretary may reserve not more than 10 percent of the amount made available to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year for administrative expenses in carrying out this subpart, including expenses relating to the evaluation conducted under section 698. SEC. A State educational agency or local educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall submit annually to the Secretary a report that contains such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, including a description of the collection of data by the agency to ensure compliance with the requirements of this subpart (particularly the requirements contained in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 694(b)). The table of contents of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U. 1400(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: subpart 3grants to improve schoolbased early intervention services for children with emotional disturbances Sec. Sec.