SEC. The Congress finds that (1) the amount of the flood insurance claims resulting from Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita will likely exceed the aggregate amount of all claims previously paid in the history of the national flood insurance program, and will require an increase in the program's borrowing authority; (2) flood insurance policyholders have a legitimate expectation that they will receive fair and timely compensation for losses covered under their policies; (3) substantial flooding has occurred, and will likely occur again, outside of the areas designated as the 100year floodplain; (4) to adequately and correctly assess potential flood damage and losses in all areas on the United States, the national flood insurance program will need to update its flood maps with the latest technology; (5) the maximum coverage limits for flood insurance policies should be increased to reflect inflation and the increased cost of housing; (6) significant reforms to the national flood insurance program required in the BunningBereuterBlumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 have yet to be implemented; and (7) despite reforms required in the BunningBereuter Blumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004, the national flood insurance program requires a modernized and updated administrative model to ensure that the people of the United States have continued access to flood insurance. The purposes of this Act are (1) to protect the integrity of the national flood insurance program by fully funding existing legal obligations expected by existing policyholders who have paid policy premiums in return for flood insurance coverage; (2) to increase incentives for homeowners and communities to participate in the national flood insurance program and to improve oversight to ensure full participation in the program for owners of properties for which such participation is mandatory; (3) to increase awareness of homeowners of flood risks and improve the quality of information regarding such risks provided to homeowners; and (4) to better mitigate future flood damage risks through a combination of enhanced protective measures, property elevation, and buyouts of floodprone properties. SEC. 3. STUDY REGARDING MANDATORY PURCHASE REQUIREMENT FOR 500YEAR FLOODPLAIN AND REPORTS REGARDING FLOOD MAP MODERNIZATION. (1) In general. The study under this subsection shall assess (A) the regulatory, financial and economic impacts of extending such requirements on the costs of homeownership, the actuarial soundness of the national flood insurance program, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, local communities, insurance companies, and local land use; (B) the effectiveness of extending such requirements in protecting homeowners from financial loss and in protecting the financial soundness of the national flood insurance program, and the effectiveness of extending such requirements in comparison with providing for more effective enforcement of existing mandatory flood insurance purchase requirements; (C) the feasibility of extending such requirements taking into consideration the need for identifying and mapping the 500year floodplain; (D) any liability on the part of lenders to comply with or enforce such extended requirements; (E) any burdens on building officials and flood plain managers to implement such requirements in the expanded area; (F) any increased burden on the Federal Emergency Management Agency to make determinations on exemptions to the floodplain and approval of local decisions; (G) the effects of extending such requirements on existing policy holders of flood insurance coverage for properties located in the 100year floodplain, including the effects on continued compliance and premium rates; and (H) the effects of extending such requirements on the ability of homeowners to make renovations to their homes. The Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Congress regarding the results and conclusions of the study under this subsection not later than the expiration of the 6month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The first report under this subsection shall be submitted not later than June 30, 2006, and successive reports required under this subsection during the period referred to in paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than June 30 of each year during such period. S. C. The Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is directed to enforce the minimum training and education requirements for all insurance agents who sell flood insurance policies that have been established under the notice published September 1, 2005 (70 Fed. 52117) pursuant to section 207 of the BunningBereuterBlumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 (42 U. MAXIMUM COVERAGE LIMITS. COVERAGE FOR ADDITIONAL LIVING EXPENSES AND BUSINESS INTERRUPTION. The first sentence of subsection (a) of section 1309 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U. 1998), is amended by striking $3,500,000,000 and inserting $22,000,000,000. Not later than the expiration of the 3month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall (1) issue regulations, and revise any materials made available by such Agency, to clarify the applicability of replacement cost coverage under the national flood insurance program; (2) revise any regulations, forms, notices, guidance, and publications relating to the full cost of repair or replacement under the replacement cost coverage to more clearly describe such coverage to flood insurance policyholders and information to be provided by such policyholders relating to such coverage, and to avoid providing misleading information to such policyholders; and (3) revise the language in standard flood insurance policies under such program regarding rating and coverage descriptions in a manner that is consistent with language used widely in other homeowners and property and casualty insurance policies, including such language regarding classification of buildings, basements, crawl spaces, detached garages, enclosures below elevated buildings, and replacement costs. Section 1320 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U. 4027) is amended (1) in the section heading, by striking REPORT TO THE PRESIDENT and inserting REPORTS; (2) in subsection (a), by striking In General and inserting Biennial Report to President ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) Semiannual Reports to Congress on Financial Status. ELIGIBILITY OF PROPERTY DEMOLITION AND REBUILDING FOR MITIGATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 4104c(e)(5)(B)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: , or the demolition and rebuilding of structures located in such areas to at least Base Flood Elevation or any higher elevation required by any local ordinance. There are authorized to be appropriated to Director such sums as may be necessary for costs of employing such additional staff.SEC. The Congress finds that (1) the amount of the flood insurance claims resulting from Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita will likely exceed the aggregate amount of all claims previously paid in the history of the national flood insurance program, and will require an increase in the program's borrowing authority; (2) flood insurance policyholders have a legitimate expectation that they will receive fair and timely compensation for losses covered under their policies; (3) substantial flooding has occurred, and will likely occur again, outside of the areas designated as the 100year floodplain; (4) to adequately and correctly assess potential flood damage and losses in all areas on the United States, the national flood insurance program will need to update its flood maps with the latest technology; (5) the maximum coverage limits for flood insurance policies should be increased to reflect inflation and the increased cost of housing; (6) significant reforms to the national flood insurance program required in the BunningBereuterBlumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 have yet to be implemented; and (7) despite reforms required in the BunningBereuter Blumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004, the national flood insurance program requires a modernized and updated administrative model to ensure that the people of the United States have continued access to flood insurance. The purposes of this Act are (1) to protect the integrity of the national flood insurance program by fully funding existing legal obligations expected by existing policyholders who have paid policy premiums in return for flood insurance coverage; (2) to increase incentives for homeowners and communities to participate in the national flood insurance program and to improve oversight to ensure full participation in the program for owners of properties for which such participation is mandatory; (3) to increase awareness of homeowners of flood risks and improve the quality of information regarding such risks provided to homeowners; and (4) to better mitigate future flood damage risks through a combination of enhanced protective measures, property elevation, and buyouts of floodprone properties. SEC. 3. STUDY REGARDING MANDATORY PURCHASE REQUIREMENT FOR 500YEAR FLOODPLAIN AND REPORTS REGARDING FLOOD MAP MODERNIZATION. (1) In general. The study under this subsection shall assess (A) the regulatory, financial and economic impacts of extending such requirements on the costs of homeownership, the actuarial soundness of the national flood insurance program, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, local communities, insurance companies, and local land use; (B) the effectiveness of extending such requirements in protecting homeowners from financial loss and in protecting the financial soundness of the national flood insurance program, and the effectiveness of extending such requirements in comparison with providing for more effective enforcement of existing mandatory flood insurance purchase requirements; (C) the feasibility of extending such requirements taking into consideration the need for identifying and mapping the 500year floodplain; (D) any liability on the part of lenders to comply with or enforce such extended requirements; (E) any burdens on building officials and flood plain managers to implement such requirements in the expanded area; (F) any increased burden on the Federal Emergency Management Agency to make determinations on exemptions to the floodplain and approval of local decisions; (G) the effects of extending such requirements on existing policy holders of flood insurance coverage for properties located in the 100year floodplain, including the effects on continued compliance and premium rates; and (H) the effects of extending such requirements on the ability of homeowners to make renovations to their homes. The Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Congress regarding the results and conclusions of the study under this subsection not later than the expiration of the 6month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The first report under this subsection shall be submitted not later than June 30, 2006, and successive reports required under this subsection during the period referred to in paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than June 30 of each year during such period. S. C. The Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is directed to enforce the minimum training and education requirements for all insurance agents who sell flood insurance policies that have been established under the notice published September 1, 2005 (70 Fed. 52117) pursuant to section 207 of the BunningBereuterBlumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 (42 U. MAXIMUM COVERAGE LIMITS. COVERAGE FOR ADDITIONAL LIVING EXPENSES AND BUSINESS INTERRUPTION. The first sentence of subsection (a) of section 1309 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U. 1998), is amended by striking $3,500,000,000 and inserting $22,000,000,000. Not later than the expiration of the 3month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall (1) issue regulations, and revise any materials made available by such Agency, to clarify the applicability of replacement cost coverage under the national flood insurance program; (2) revise any regulations, forms, notices, guidance, and publications relating to the full cost of repair or replacement under the replacement cost coverage to more clearly describe such coverage to flood insurance policyholders and information to be provided by such policyholders relating to such coverage, and to avoid providing misleading information to such policyholders; and (3) revise the language in standard flood insurance policies under such program regarding rating and coverage descriptions in a manner that is consistent with language used widely in other homeowners and property and casualty insurance policies, including such language regarding classification of buildings, basements, crawl spaces, detached garages, enclosures below elevated buildings, and replacement costs. Section 1320 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U. 4027) is amended (1) in the section heading, by striking REPORT TO THE PRESIDENT and inserting REPORTS; (2) in subsection (a), by striking In General and inserting Biennial Report to President ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) Semiannual Reports to Congress on Financial Status. ELIGIBILITY OF PROPERTY DEMOLITION AND REBUILDING FOR MITIGATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 4104c(e)(5)(B)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: , or the demolition and rebuilding of structures located in such areas to at least Base Flood Elevation or any higher elevation required by any local ordinance. There are authorized to be appropriated to Director such sums as may be necessary for costs of employing such additional staff.SEC. The Congress finds that (1) the amount of the flood insurance claims resulting from Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita will likely exceed the aggregate amount of all claims previously paid in the history of the national flood insurance program, and will require an increase in the program's borrowing authority; (2) flood insurance policyholders have a legitimate expectation that they will receive fair and timely compensation for losses covered under their policies; (3) substantial flooding has occurred, and will likely occur again, outside of the areas designated as the 100year floodplain; (4) to adequately and correctly assess potential flood damage and losses in all areas on the United States, the national flood insurance program will need to update its flood maps with the latest technology; (5) the maximum coverage limits for flood insurance policies should be increased to reflect inflation and the increased cost of housing; (6) significant reforms to the national flood insurance program required in the BunningBereuterBlumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 have yet to be implemented; and (7) despite reforms required in the BunningBereuter Blumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004, the national flood insurance program requires a modernized and updated administrative model to ensure that the people of the United States have continued access to flood insurance. The purposes of this Act are (1) to protect the integrity of the national flood insurance program by fully funding existing legal obligations expected by existing policyholders who have paid policy premiums in return for flood insurance coverage; (2) to increase incentives for homeowners and communities to participate in the national flood insurance program and to improve oversight to ensure full participation in the program for owners of properties for which such participation is mandatory; (3) to increase awareness of homeowners of flood risks and improve the quality of information regarding such risks provided to homeowners; and (4) to better mitigate future flood damage risks through a combination of enhanced protective measures, property elevation, and buyouts of floodprone properties. SEC. 3. STUDY REGARDING MANDATORY PURCHASE REQUIREMENT FOR 500YEAR FLOODPLAIN AND REPORTS REGARDING FLOOD MAP MODERNIZATION. (1) In general. The study under this subsection shall assess (A) the regulatory, financial and economic impacts of extending such requirements on the costs of homeownership, the actuarial soundness of the national flood insurance program, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, local communities, insurance companies, and local land use; (B) the effectiveness of extending such requirements in protecting homeowners from financial loss and in protecting the financial soundness of the national flood insurance program, and the effectiveness of extending such requirements in comparison with providing for more effective enforcement of existing mandatory flood insurance purchase requirements; (C) the feasibility of extending such requirements taking into consideration the need for identifying and mapping the 500year floodplain; (D) any liability on the part of lenders to comply with or enforce such extended requirements; (E) any burdens on building officials and flood plain managers to implement such requirements in the expanded area; (F) any increased burden on the Federal Emergency Management Agency to make determinations on exemptions to the floodplain and approval of local decisions; (G) the effects of extending such requirements on existing policy holders of flood insurance coverage for properties located in the 100year floodplain, including the effects on continued compliance and premium rates; and (H) the effects of extending such requirements on the ability of homeowners to make renovations to their homes. The Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Congress regarding the results and conclusions of the study under this subsection not later than the expiration of the 6month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The first report under this subsection shall be submitted not later than June 30, 2006, and successive reports required under this subsection during the period referred to in paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than June 30 of each year during such period. S. C. The Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is directed to enforce the minimum training and education requirements for all insurance agents who sell flood insurance policies that have been established under the notice published September 1, 2005 (70 Fed. 52117) pursuant to section 207 of the BunningBereuterBlumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 (42 U. MAXIMUM COVERAGE LIMITS. COVERAGE FOR ADDITIONAL LIVING EXPENSES AND BUSINESS INTERRUPTION. The first sentence of subsection (a) of section 1309 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U. 1998), is amended by striking $3,500,000,000 and inserting $22,000,000,000. Not later than the expiration of the 3month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall (1) issue regulations, and revise any materials made available by such Agency, to clarify the applicability of replacement cost coverage under the national flood insurance program; (2) revise any regulations, forms, notices, guidance, and publications relating to the full cost of repair or replacement under the replacement cost coverage to more clearly describe such coverage to flood insurance policyholders and information to be provided by such policyholders relating to such coverage, and to avoid providing misleading information to such policyholders; and (3) revise the language in standard flood insurance policies under such program regarding rating and coverage descriptions in a manner that is consistent with language used widely in other homeowners and property and casualty insurance policies, including such language regarding classification of buildings, basements, crawl spaces, detached garages, enclosures below elevated buildings, and replacement costs. Section 1320 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U. 4027) is amended (1) in the section heading, by striking REPORT TO THE PRESIDENT and inserting REPORTS; (2) in subsection (a), by striking In General and inserting Biennial Report to President ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) Semiannual Reports to Congress on Financial Status. ELIGIBILITY OF PROPERTY DEMOLITION AND REBUILDING FOR MITIGATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 4104c(e)(5)(B)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: , or the demolition and rebuilding of structures located in such areas to at least Base Flood Elevation or any higher elevation required by any local ordinance. There are authorized to be appropriated to Director such sums as may be necessary for costs of employing such additional staff.