SECTION 1. 2. S. C. ; and (3) in the section heading, by inserting and spouses of military personnel before the period at the end. 501) is amended by striking the item relating to section 705 and inserting the following new item: Sec. 595), as added by subsection (a) of this section, shall apply with respect to absences from States described in such subsection (b) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of the military or naval order concerned. SEC. Section 511 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U. A spouse of a servicemember shall neither lose nor acquire a residence or domicile for purposes of taxation with respect to the person, personal property, or income of the spouse by reason of being absent or present in any tax jurisdiction of the United States solely to be with the servicemember in compliance with the servicemember's military orders if the residence or domicile, as the case may be, is the same for the servicemember and the spouse. Income for services performed by the spouse of a servicemember shall not be deemed to be income for services performed or from sources within a tax jurisdiction of the United States if the spouse is not a resident or domiciliary of the jurisdiction in which the income is earned because the spouse is in the jurisdiction solely to be with the servicemember serving in compliance with military orders. ; and (4) in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (2) (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting or the spouse of a servicemember after The personal property of a servicemember; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting or the spouse's after servicemember's. SUSPENSION OF LAND RIGHTS RESIDENCY REQUIREMENT FOR SPOUSES OF MILITARY PERSONNEL.SECTION 1. 2. S. C. ; and (3) in the section heading, by inserting and spouses of military personnel before the period at the end. 501) is amended by striking the item relating to section 705 and inserting the following new item: Sec. 595), as added by subsection (a) of this section, shall apply with respect to absences from States described in such subsection (b) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of the military or naval order concerned. SEC. Section 511 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U. A spouse of a servicemember shall neither lose nor acquire a residence or domicile for purposes of taxation with respect to the person, personal property, or income of the spouse by reason of being absent or present in any tax jurisdiction of the United States solely to be with the servicemember in compliance with the servicemember's military orders if the residence or domicile, as the case may be, is the same for the servicemember and the spouse. Income for services performed by the spouse of a servicemember shall not be deemed to be income for services performed or from sources within a tax jurisdiction of the United States if the spouse is not a resident or domiciliary of the jurisdiction in which the income is earned because the spouse is in the jurisdiction solely to be with the servicemember serving in compliance with military orders. ; and (4) in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (2) (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting or the spouse of a servicemember after The personal property of a servicemember; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting or the spouse's after servicemember's. SUSPENSION OF LAND RIGHTS RESIDENCY REQUIREMENT FOR SPOUSES OF MILITARY PERSONNEL.SECTION 1. 2. S. C. ; and (3) in the section heading, by inserting and spouses of military personnel before the period at the end. 501) is amended by striking the item relating to section 705 and inserting the following new item: Sec. 595), as added by subsection (a) of this section, shall apply with respect to absences from States described in such subsection (b) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of the military or naval order concerned. SEC. Section 511 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U. A spouse of a servicemember shall neither lose nor acquire a residence or domicile for purposes of taxation with respect to the person, personal property, or income of the spouse by reason of being absent or present in any tax jurisdiction of the United States solely to be with the servicemember in compliance with the servicemember's military orders if the residence or domicile, as the case may be, is the same for the servicemember and the spouse. Income for services performed by the spouse of a servicemember shall not be deemed to be income for services performed or from sources within a tax jurisdiction of the United States if the spouse is not a resident or domiciliary of the jurisdiction in which the income is earned because the spouse is in the jurisdiction solely to be with the servicemember serving in compliance with military orders. ; and (4) in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (2) (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting or the spouse of a servicemember after The personal property of a servicemember; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting or the spouse's after servicemember's. SUSPENSION OF LAND RIGHTS RESIDENCY REQUIREMENT FOR SPOUSES OF MILITARY PERSONNEL.