Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Republic of Turkey (in this Act referred to as Turkey) has played an important strategic, political, and economic role in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East since its founding in 1923 by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk following the collapse of the 600year Ottoman Empire. (2) The friendship shared between the United States and Turkey dates to the late 18th century and was consecrated by the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between the United States and the Ottoman Empire in 1830. (3) The United States reaffirmed its relationship with Turkey by entering into the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation of 1929. (4) The United States and Turkey have subsequently entered into over 60 treaties, memoranda of understanding, and other agreements on a broad range of issues, including a bilateral investment treaty (1986), a bilateral tax treaty (1998), and a trade and investment framework agreement (1999), as evidence of their strong friendship. (5) Turkey is located in the strategic corridor between Europe and Asia, bordering the Black Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. (7) The strategic alliance between Turkey and the United States was cemented by (A) the agreement of July 12, 1947 implementing the Truman doctrine; (B) Turkey's membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 1952; and (C) the United StatesTurkey Agreement for Cooperation on Defense and Economy of 1980. (14) A free trade agreement between the United States and Turkey would greatly benefit both the United States and Turkey by expanding their commercial ties. Subject to sections 5 and 6, the President is authorized to enter into an agreement described in subsection (c). S. C. The President is authorized to proclaim (A) such modification or continuation of any existing duty, (B) such continuance of existing dutyfree or excise treatment, or (C) such additional duties as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out the trade agreement described in subsection (c). No proclamation may be made under paragraph (1) that (A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of enactment of this Act) to a rate which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; (B) provides for a reduction of duty on an article to take effect on a date that is more than 10 years after the first reduction that is proclaimed to carry out a trade agreement with respect to such article; or (C) increases any rate of duty above the rate that applied on the date of enactment of this Act. (B) Exemption from staging. The United States International Trade Commission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. If the President determines that such action will simplify the computation of reductions under paragraph (3), the President may round an annual reduction by the lesser of (A) the difference between the reduction without regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or (B) onehalf of 1 percent ad valorem. The supporting information required under subsection (a)(3)(C) consists of (1) an explanation as to how the implementing bill and proposed administrative action will change or affect existing law; and (2) a statement (A) asserting that the agreement makes progress in achieving the objectives of this Act; and (B) setting forth the reasons of the President regarding (i) how and to what extent the agreement makes progress in achieving the objectives referred to in subparagraph (A); (ii) whether and how the agreement changes provisions of an agreement previously negotiated; (iii) how the agreement serves the interests of United States commerce; and (iv) any proposed administrative action. CONSIDERATION OF IMPLEMENTING BILL. (b) Conforming Amendments. 2191) is amended (1) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting section 6 of the United StatesTurkey Free Trade Agreement Act of 1999 after the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988,; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting or under section 6 of the United StatesTurkey Free Trade Agreement Act of 1999, after the Uruguay Round Agreements Act,.Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Republic of Turkey (in this Act referred to as Turkey) has played an important strategic, political, and economic role in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East since its founding in 1923 by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk following the collapse of the 600year Ottoman Empire. (2) The friendship shared between the United States and Turkey dates to the late 18th century and was consecrated by the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between the United States and the Ottoman Empire in 1830. (3) The United States reaffirmed its relationship with Turkey by entering into the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation of 1929. (4) The United States and Turkey have subsequently entered into over 60 treaties, memoranda of understanding, and other agreements on a broad range of issues, including a bilateral investment treaty (1986), a bilateral tax treaty (1998), and a trade and investment framework agreement (1999), as evidence of their strong friendship. (5) Turkey is located in the strategic corridor between Europe and Asia, bordering the Black Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. (7) The strategic alliance between Turkey and the United States was cemented by (A) the agreement of July 12, 1947 implementing the Truman doctrine; (B) Turkey's membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 1952; and (C) the United StatesTurkey Agreement for Cooperation on Defense and Economy of 1980. (14) A free trade agreement between the United States and Turkey would greatly benefit both the United States and Turkey by expanding their commercial ties. Subject to sections 5 and 6, the President is authorized to enter into an agreement described in subsection (c). S. C. The President is authorized to proclaim (A) such modification or continuation of any existing duty, (B) such continuance of existing dutyfree or excise treatment, or (C) such additional duties as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out the trade agreement described in subsection (c). No proclamation may be made under paragraph (1) that (A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of enactment of this Act) to a rate which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; (B) provides for a reduction of duty on an article to take effect on a date that is more than 10 years after the first reduction that is proclaimed to carry out a trade agreement with respect to such article; or (C) increases any rate of duty above the rate that applied on the date of enactment of this Act. (B) Exemption from staging. The United States International Trade Commission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. If the President determines that such action will simplify the computation of reductions under paragraph (3), the President may round an annual reduction by the lesser of (A) the difference between the reduction without regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or (B) onehalf of 1 percent ad valorem. The supporting information required under subsection (a)(3)(C) consists of (1) an explanation as to how the implementing bill and proposed administrative action will change or affect existing law; and (2) a statement (A) asserting that the agreement makes progress in achieving the objectives of this Act; and (B) setting forth the reasons of the President regarding (i) how and to what extent the agreement makes progress in achieving the objectives referred to in subparagraph (A); (ii) whether and how the agreement changes provisions of an agreement previously negotiated; (iii) how the agreement serves the interests of United States commerce; and (iv) any proposed administrative action. CONSIDERATION OF IMPLEMENTING BILL. (b) Conforming Amendments. 2191) is amended (1) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting section 6 of the United StatesTurkey Free Trade Agreement Act of 1999 after the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988,; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting or under section 6 of the United StatesTurkey Free Trade Agreement Act of 1999, after the Uruguay Round Agreements Act,.Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Republic of Turkey (in this Act referred to as Turkey) has played an important strategic, political, and economic role in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East since its founding in 1923 by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk following the collapse of the 600year Ottoman Empire. (2) The friendship shared between the United States and Turkey dates to the late 18th century and was consecrated by the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between the United States and the Ottoman Empire in 1830. (3) The United States reaffirmed its relationship with Turkey by entering into the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation of 1929. (4) The United States and Turkey have subsequently entered into over 60 treaties, memoranda of understanding, and other agreements on a broad range of issues, including a bilateral investment treaty (1986), a bilateral tax treaty (1998), and a trade and investment framework agreement (1999), as evidence of their strong friendship. (5) Turkey is located in the strategic corridor between Europe and Asia, bordering the Black Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. (7) The strategic alliance between Turkey and the United States was cemented by (A) the agreement of July 12, 1947 implementing the Truman doctrine; (B) Turkey's membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 1952; and (C) the United StatesTurkey Agreement for Cooperation on Defense and Economy of 1980. (14) A free trade agreement between the United States and Turkey would greatly benefit both the United States and Turkey by expanding their commercial ties. Subject to sections 5 and 6, the President is authorized to enter into an agreement described in subsection (c). S. C. The President is authorized to proclaim (A) such modification or continuation of any existing duty, (B) such continuance of existing dutyfree or excise treatment, or (C) such additional duties as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out the trade agreement described in subsection (c). No proclamation may be made under paragraph (1) that (A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of enactment of this Act) to a rate which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; (B) provides for a reduction of duty on an article to take effect on a date that is more than 10 years after the first reduction that is proclaimed to carry out a trade agreement with respect to such article; or (C) increases any rate of duty above the rate that applied on the date of enactment of this Act. (B) Exemption from staging. The United States International Trade Commission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. If the President determines that such action will simplify the computation of reductions under paragraph (3), the President may round an annual reduction by the lesser of (A) the difference between the reduction without regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or (B) onehalf of 1 percent ad valorem. The supporting information required under subsection (a)(3)(C) consists of (1) an explanation as to how the implementing bill and proposed administrative action will change or affect existing law; and (2) a statement (A) asserting that the agreement makes progress in achieving the objectives of this Act; and (B) setting forth the reasons of the President regarding (i) how and to what extent the agreement makes progress in achieving the objectives referred to in subparagraph (A); (ii) whether and how the agreement changes provisions of an agreement previously negotiated; (iii) how the agreement serves the interests of United States commerce; and (iv) any proposed administrative action. CONSIDERATION OF IMPLEMENTING BILL. (b) Conforming Amendments. 2191) is amended (1) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting section 6 of the United StatesTurkey Free Trade Agreement Act of 1999 after the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988,; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting or under section 6 of the United StatesTurkey Free Trade Agreement Act of 1999, after the Uruguay Round Agreements Act,.