SECTION 1. 2. The purpose of this Act is to increase high school graduation rates and the percentage of students who complete a recognized postsecondary credential by the age of 26, including among lowincome students and students from other populations underrepresented in higher education. SEC. The term dual enrollment program means an academic program through which a high school student is able simultaneously to earn credit toward a high school diploma and a postsecondary degree or certificate. The term eligible entity means a local educational agency, which may be an educational service agency, in a collaborative partnership with an institution of higher education. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Education. 5. (a) In General. The Secretary is authorized to award sixyear grants to eligible entities seeking to establish a new or support an existing early college high school or other dual enrollment program. (b) Grant Amount. A grant under this Act shall not exceed $2,000,000. (B) 30 percent in the third and fourth years. An eligible entity shall use grant funds received under section 7 to support the activities described in its application, including for the following: (1) Planning year. During the remainder of the grant period (A) academic and social support services, including counseling; (B) student recruitment and community education and engagement; (C) professional development, including joint professional development for secondary school and faculty from the institution of higher education; and (D) school design and planning team activities, including curriculum development. An eligible entity may also use grant funds received under this Act to otherwise support the activities described in its application, including, but not limited to (1) purchasing textbooks and equipment that support academic programs; (2) learning opportunities for students that complement classroom experiences, such as internships, careerbased capstone projects, and opportunities provided under title IV, part A, subpart 2, and chapters 1 and 2 of the Higher Education Act of 1965; (3) transportation; (4) planning time for high school and college educators to collaborate; and (5) data collection, sharing, reporting, and evaluation. An eligible entity's application under subsection (a) shall include assurances that (1) in the case of an early college high school, the majority of courses offered, including of postsecondary courses, will be offered at facilities of the institution of higher education; (2) students will not be required to pay tuition or fees for postsecondary courses; (3) postsecondary credits earned will be transcribed upon completion of the requisite coursework; and (4) faculty teaching postsecondary courses meet the normal standards for faculty established by the institution of higher education. The Secretary may waive the requirement of subsection (c)(1) upon a showing that it is impractical to apply due to geographic considerations. The Secretary shall ensure that each peer review panel is not comprised wholly of fulltime officers or employees of the Federal Government and includes, at a minimum (1) experts in the establishment and administration of early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs from the high school and college perspective; (2) faculty at institutions of higher education and secondary school teachers with expertise in dual enrollment; and (3) experts in the education of atrisk students. GRANTS TO STATES. (b) Application. At a minimum, the application described in subsection (b) shall include (1) how the State will create outreach programs to ensure that middle and high school students and their families are aware of dual enrollment programs in the State; (2) how the State will provide technical assistance to local dual enrollment programs as appropriate; (3) how the State will ensure the quality of state and local dual enrollment programs; and (4) such other information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. REPORTING AND OVERSIGHT. (a) Reporting by Grantees. At a minimum, the report described in paragraph (1) shall include, for eligible entities receiving funds under section 7, for each category of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: (A) The number of students. (F) Attendance rate. (H) Placement in postsecondary education or advanced training, in military service, and in employment. Such evaluation shall apply rigorous procedures to obtain valid and reliable data concerning participants' outcomes by social and academic characteristics and monitor the progress of students from high school to and through postsecondary education. The Secretary shall provide technical assistance to eligible entities concerning best practices in early college high schools and dual enrollment programs and shall disseminate such best practices among eligible entities and State and local educational agencies. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. (a) Employees. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to the employees of local educational agencies (including schools) or institutions of higher education under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. A student who graduates from an early college high school supported under this Act in the standard number of years for graduation described in the eligible entity's application shall be considered to have graduated on time for purposes of section 1111(b)(2)(C)(6) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.SECTION 1. 2. The purpose of this Act is to increase high school graduation rates and the percentage of students who complete a recognized postsecondary credential by the age of 26, including among lowincome students and students from other populations underrepresented in higher education. SEC. The term dual enrollment program means an academic program through which a high school student is able simultaneously to earn credit toward a high school diploma and a postsecondary degree or certificate. The term eligible entity means a local educational agency, which may be an educational service agency, in a collaborative partnership with an institution of higher education. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Education. 5. (a) In General. The Secretary is authorized to award sixyear grants to eligible entities seeking to establish a new or support an existing early college high school or other dual enrollment program. (b) Grant Amount. A grant under this Act shall not exceed $2,000,000. (B) 30 percent in the third and fourth years. An eligible entity shall use grant funds received under section 7 to support the activities described in its application, including for the following: (1) Planning year. During the remainder of the grant period (A) academic and social support services, including counseling; (B) student recruitment and community education and engagement; (C) professional development, including joint professional development for secondary school and faculty from the institution of higher education; and (D) school design and planning team activities, including curriculum development. An eligible entity may also use grant funds received under this Act to otherwise support the activities described in its application, including, but not limited to (1) purchasing textbooks and equipment that support academic programs; (2) learning opportunities for students that complement classroom experiences, such as internships, careerbased capstone projects, and opportunities provided under title IV, part A, subpart 2, and chapters 1 and 2 of the Higher Education Act of 1965; (3) transportation; (4) planning time for high school and college educators to collaborate; and (5) data collection, sharing, reporting, and evaluation. An eligible entity's application under subsection (a) shall include assurances that (1) in the case of an early college high school, the majority of courses offered, including of postsecondary courses, will be offered at facilities of the institution of higher education; (2) students will not be required to pay tuition or fees for postsecondary courses; (3) postsecondary credits earned will be transcribed upon completion of the requisite coursework; and (4) faculty teaching postsecondary courses meet the normal standards for faculty established by the institution of higher education. The Secretary may waive the requirement of subsection (c)(1) upon a showing that it is impractical to apply due to geographic considerations. The Secretary shall ensure that each peer review panel is not comprised wholly of fulltime officers or employees of the Federal Government and includes, at a minimum (1) experts in the establishment and administration of early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs from the high school and college perspective; (2) faculty at institutions of higher education and secondary school teachers with expertise in dual enrollment; and (3) experts in the education of atrisk students. GRANTS TO STATES. (b) Application. At a minimum, the application described in subsection (b) shall include (1) how the State will create outreach programs to ensure that middle and high school students and their families are aware of dual enrollment programs in the State; (2) how the State will provide technical assistance to local dual enrollment programs as appropriate; (3) how the State will ensure the quality of state and local dual enrollment programs; and (4) such other information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. REPORTING AND OVERSIGHT. (a) Reporting by Grantees. At a minimum, the report described in paragraph (1) shall include, for eligible entities receiving funds under section 7, for each category of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: (A) The number of students. (F) Attendance rate. (H) Placement in postsecondary education or advanced training, in military service, and in employment. Such evaluation shall apply rigorous procedures to obtain valid and reliable data concerning participants' outcomes by social and academic characteristics and monitor the progress of students from high school to and through postsecondary education. The Secretary shall provide technical assistance to eligible entities concerning best practices in early college high schools and dual enrollment programs and shall disseminate such best practices among eligible entities and State and local educational agencies. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. (a) Employees. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to the employees of local educational agencies (including schools) or institutions of higher education under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. A student who graduates from an early college high school supported under this Act in the standard number of years for graduation described in the eligible entity's application shall be considered to have graduated on time for purposes of section 1111(b)(2)(C)(6) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.SECTION 1. 2. The purpose of this Act is to increase high school graduation rates and the percentage of students who complete a recognized postsecondary credential by the age of 26, including among lowincome students and students from other populations underrepresented in higher education. SEC. The term dual enrollment program means an academic program through which a high school student is able simultaneously to earn credit toward a high school diploma and a postsecondary degree or certificate. The term eligible entity means a local educational agency, which may be an educational service agency, in a collaborative partnership with an institution of higher education. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Education. 5. (a) In General. The Secretary is authorized to award sixyear grants to eligible entities seeking to establish a new or support an existing early college high school or other dual enrollment program. (b) Grant Amount. A grant under this Act shall not exceed $2,000,000. (B) 30 percent in the third and fourth years. An eligible entity shall use grant funds received under section 7 to support the activities described in its application, including for the following: (1) Planning year. During the remainder of the grant period (A) academic and social support services, including counseling; (B) student recruitment and community education and engagement; (C) professional development, including joint professional development for secondary school and faculty from the institution of higher education; and (D) school design and planning team activities, including curriculum development. An eligible entity may also use grant funds received under this Act to otherwise support the activities described in its application, including, but not limited to (1) purchasing textbooks and equipment that support academic programs; (2) learning opportunities for students that complement classroom experiences, such as internships, careerbased capstone projects, and opportunities provided under title IV, part A, subpart 2, and chapters 1 and 2 of the Higher Education Act of 1965; (3) transportation; (4) planning time for high school and college educators to collaborate; and (5) data collection, sharing, reporting, and evaluation. An eligible entity's application under subsection (a) shall include assurances that (1) in the case of an early college high school, the majority of courses offered, including of postsecondary courses, will be offered at facilities of the institution of higher education; (2) students will not be required to pay tuition or fees for postsecondary courses; (3) postsecondary credits earned will be transcribed upon completion of the requisite coursework; and (4) faculty teaching postsecondary courses meet the normal standards for faculty established by the institution of higher education. The Secretary may waive the requirement of subsection (c)(1) upon a showing that it is impractical to apply due to geographic considerations. The Secretary shall ensure that each peer review panel is not comprised wholly of fulltime officers or employees of the Federal Government and includes, at a minimum (1) experts in the establishment and administration of early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs from the high school and college perspective; (2) faculty at institutions of higher education and secondary school teachers with expertise in dual enrollment; and (3) experts in the education of atrisk students. GRANTS TO STATES. (b) Application. At a minimum, the application described in subsection (b) shall include (1) how the State will create outreach programs to ensure that middle and high school students and their families are aware of dual enrollment programs in the State; (2) how the State will provide technical assistance to local dual enrollment programs as appropriate; (3) how the State will ensure the quality of state and local dual enrollment programs; and (4) such other information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. REPORTING AND OVERSIGHT. (a) Reporting by Grantees. At a minimum, the report described in paragraph (1) shall include, for eligible entities receiving funds under section 7, for each category of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: (A) The number of students. (F) Attendance rate. (H) Placement in postsecondary education or advanced training, in military service, and in employment. Such evaluation shall apply rigorous procedures to obtain valid and reliable data concerning participants' outcomes by social and academic characteristics and monitor the progress of students from high school to and through postsecondary education. The Secretary shall provide technical assistance to eligible entities concerning best practices in early college high schools and dual enrollment programs and shall disseminate such best practices among eligible entities and State and local educational agencies. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. (a) Employees. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to the employees of local educational agencies (including schools) or institutions of higher education under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. A student who graduates from an early college high school supported under this Act in the standard number of years for graduation described in the eligible entity's application shall be considered to have graduated on time for purposes of section 1111(b)(2)(C)(6) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.