SEC. 2. (2) Local coordinating entity. The term management plan means the management plan for the Heritage Area required under section 5(a). (5) Secretary. 3. FOXWISCONSIN HERITAGE PARKWAY NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA. (a) Establishment. (1) In general. The Heritage Area shall include (A) the area included in Appendix A, Map 1 of the feasibility study submitted by the local coordinating entity, which includes approximately 1,444 square miles of land in 15 counties in central and southeastern Wisconsin, including Brown, Calumet, Columbia, Crawford, Dane, Fond du Lac, Grant, Green Lake, Iowa, Marquette, Outagamie, Richland, Sauk, Waushara, and Winnebago counties; and (B) any contributing sites, buildings, and districts within the area described in subparagraph (A) that are recommended for inclusion in the Heritage Area by the management plan. The boundaries of the Heritage Area may be revised if the revisions are (A) proposed in the management plan developed for the Heritage Area; (B) depicted on the map; and (C) approved by the Secretary in accordance with this Act. The map shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of (1) the National Park Service; and (2) the local coordinating entity. SEC. To carry out the management plan, the Secretary, acting through the local coordinating entity, may use amounts made available under this Act (1) to make grants to the State (including any political subdivision of the State), nonprofit organizations, and other individuals; (2) to enter into cooperative agreements with, or provide technical assistance to, the State (including any political subdivision of the State), nonprofit organizations, and other interested parties; (3) to hire and compensate staff, which shall include individuals with expertise in natural, cultural, and historical resource protection, and heritage programming; (4) to obtain funds or services from any source, including funds or services that are provided under any other Federal law or program; (5) to enter into contracts for goods or services; and (6) to serve as a catalyst for any other activity that (A) furthers the purposes and goals of the Heritage Area; and (B) is consistent with the approved management plan. The local coordinating entity shall (1) in accordance with section 5, prepare and submit to the Secretary a management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) assist units of local government, regional planning organizations, and nonprofit organizations in carrying out the approved management plan by (A) carrying out programs and projects that recognize, protect, and enhance important resource values located in the Heritage Area; (B) establishing and maintaining interpretive exhibits and programs in the Heritage Area; (C) developing recreational and educational opportunities in the Heritage Area; (D) increasing public awareness of, and appreciation for, the natural, historical, scenic, and cultural resources of the Heritage Area; (E) protecting and restoring historic sites and buildings in the Heritage Area that are consistent with Heritage Area themes; (F) ensuring that clear, consistent, and appropriate signs identifying points of public access, and sites of interest, are posted throughout the Heritage Area; and (G) promoting a wide range of partnerships among governments, organizations, and individuals to further the Heritage Area; (3) consider the interests of diverse units of government, businesses, organizations, and individuals in the Heritage Area in the preparation and implementation of the management plan; (4) conduct meetings open to the public at least semiannually regarding the development and implementation of the management plan; (5) for any year for which Federal funds have been received under this Act (A) submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the activities, expenses, and income of the local coordinating entity (including grants to any other entities during the year that the report is made); (B) make available to the Secretary for audit all records relating to the expenditure of the funds and any matching funds; and (C) require, with respect to all agreements authorizing expenditure of Federal funds by other organizations, that the organizations receiving the funds make available to the Secretary for audit all records concerning the expenditure of the funds; and (6) encourage by appropriate means economic viability that is consistent with the Heritage Area. The local coordinating entity shall not use Federal funds made available under this Act to acquire real property or any interest in real property. MANAGEMENT PLAN. (b) Requirements. (2) Criteria for approval. In determining whether to approve the management plan, the Secretary shall consider whether (A) the local coordinating entity is representative of the diverse interests of the Heritage Area, including governments, natural and historic resource protection organizations, educational institutions, businesses, and recreational organizations; (B) the local coordinating entity has afforded adequate opportunity, including public hearings, for public and governmental involvement in the preparation of the management plan; and (C) the resource protection and interpretation strategies contained in the management plan, if implemented, would adequately protect the natural, cultural, historic, scenic, educational, and recreational resources of the Heritage Area. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES. (c) Other Federal Agencies. Nothing in this Act (1) abridges the rights of any public or private property owner, including the right to refrain from participating in any plan, project, program, or activity conducted within the Heritage Area; (2) requires any property owner (A) to permit public access (including access by Federal, State, tribal, or local agencies) to the property of the property owner; or (B) to modify public access or use of property of the property owner under any other Federal, State, or local law; (3) alters any duly adopted land use regulation, approved land use plan, or other regulatory authority of any Federal, State, or local agency; (4) conveys any land use or other regulatory authority to the local coordinating entity; (5) authorizes or implies the reservation or appropriation of water or water rights; (6) diminishes the authority of the State to manage fish and wildlife, including the regulation of fishing and hunting within the Heritage Area; or (7) creates any liability, or affects any liability under any other law (including regulations), of any private property owner with respect to any individual injured on the private property. An evaluation conducted under subsection (a)(1) shall (1) assess the progress of the local coordinating entity with respect to (A) accomplishing the purposes of this Act for the Heritage Area; and (B) achieving the goals and objectives of the approved management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) analyze the Federal, State, local, and private investments in the Heritage Area to determine the leverage and impact of the investments; and (3) review the management structure, partnership relationships, and funding of the Heritage Area to identify the critical components for sustainability of the Heritage Area. (c) Report. (3) Submission to congress. (2) Nonfederal share.SEC. 2. (2) Local coordinating entity. The term management plan means the management plan for the Heritage Area required under section 5(a). (5) Secretary. 3. FOXWISCONSIN HERITAGE PARKWAY NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA. (a) Establishment. (1) In general. The Heritage Area shall include (A) the area included in Appendix A, Map 1 of the feasibility study submitted by the local coordinating entity, which includes approximately 1,444 square miles of land in 15 counties in central and southeastern Wisconsin, including Brown, Calumet, Columbia, Crawford, Dane, Fond du Lac, Grant, Green Lake, Iowa, Marquette, Outagamie, Richland, Sauk, Waushara, and Winnebago counties; and (B) any contributing sites, buildings, and districts within the area described in subparagraph (A) that are recommended for inclusion in the Heritage Area by the management plan. The boundaries of the Heritage Area may be revised if the revisions are (A) proposed in the management plan developed for the Heritage Area; (B) depicted on the map; and (C) approved by the Secretary in accordance with this Act. The map shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of (1) the National Park Service; and (2) the local coordinating entity. SEC. To carry out the management plan, the Secretary, acting through the local coordinating entity, may use amounts made available under this Act (1) to make grants to the State (including any political subdivision of the State), nonprofit organizations, and other individuals; (2) to enter into cooperative agreements with, or provide technical assistance to, the State (including any political subdivision of the State), nonprofit organizations, and other interested parties; (3) to hire and compensate staff, which shall include individuals with expertise in natural, cultural, and historical resource protection, and heritage programming; (4) to obtain funds or services from any source, including funds or services that are provided under any other Federal law or program; (5) to enter into contracts for goods or services; and (6) to serve as a catalyst for any other activity that (A) furthers the purposes and goals of the Heritage Area; and (B) is consistent with the approved management plan. The local coordinating entity shall (1) in accordance with section 5, prepare and submit to the Secretary a management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) assist units of local government, regional planning organizations, and nonprofit organizations in carrying out the approved management plan by (A) carrying out programs and projects that recognize, protect, and enhance important resource values located in the Heritage Area; (B) establishing and maintaining interpretive exhibits and programs in the Heritage Area; (C) developing recreational and educational opportunities in the Heritage Area; (D) increasing public awareness of, and appreciation for, the natural, historical, scenic, and cultural resources of the Heritage Area; (E) protecting and restoring historic sites and buildings in the Heritage Area that are consistent with Heritage Area themes; (F) ensuring that clear, consistent, and appropriate signs identifying points of public access, and sites of interest, are posted throughout the Heritage Area; and (G) promoting a wide range of partnerships among governments, organizations, and individuals to further the Heritage Area; (3) consider the interests of diverse units of government, businesses, organizations, and individuals in the Heritage Area in the preparation and implementation of the management plan; (4) conduct meetings open to the public at least semiannually regarding the development and implementation of the management plan; (5) for any year for which Federal funds have been received under this Act (A) submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the activities, expenses, and income of the local coordinating entity (including grants to any other entities during the year that the report is made); (B) make available to the Secretary for audit all records relating to the expenditure of the funds and any matching funds; and (C) require, with respect to all agreements authorizing expenditure of Federal funds by other organizations, that the organizations receiving the funds make available to the Secretary for audit all records concerning the expenditure of the funds; and (6) encourage by appropriate means economic viability that is consistent with the Heritage Area. The local coordinating entity shall not use Federal funds made available under this Act to acquire real property or any interest in real property. MANAGEMENT PLAN. (b) Requirements. (2) Criteria for approval. In determining whether to approve the management plan, the Secretary shall consider whether (A) the local coordinating entity is representative of the diverse interests of the Heritage Area, including governments, natural and historic resource protection organizations, educational institutions, businesses, and recreational organizations; (B) the local coordinating entity has afforded adequate opportunity, including public hearings, for public and governmental involvement in the preparation of the management plan; and (C) the resource protection and interpretation strategies contained in the management plan, if implemented, would adequately protect the natural, cultural, historic, scenic, educational, and recreational resources of the Heritage Area. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES. (c) Other Federal Agencies. Nothing in this Act (1) abridges the rights of any public or private property owner, including the right to refrain from participating in any plan, project, program, or activity conducted within the Heritage Area; (2) requires any property owner (A) to permit public access (including access by Federal, State, tribal, or local agencies) to the property of the property owner; or (B) to modify public access or use of property of the property owner under any other Federal, State, or local law; (3) alters any duly adopted land use regulation, approved land use plan, or other regulatory authority of any Federal, State, or local agency; (4) conveys any land use or other regulatory authority to the local coordinating entity; (5) authorizes or implies the reservation or appropriation of water or water rights; (6) diminishes the authority of the State to manage fish and wildlife, including the regulation of fishing and hunting within the Heritage Area; or (7) creates any liability, or affects any liability under any other law (including regulations), of any private property owner with respect to any individual injured on the private property. An evaluation conducted under subsection (a)(1) shall (1) assess the progress of the local coordinating entity with respect to (A) accomplishing the purposes of this Act for the Heritage Area; and (B) achieving the goals and objectives of the approved management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) analyze the Federal, State, local, and private investments in the Heritage Area to determine the leverage and impact of the investments; and (3) review the management structure, partnership relationships, and funding of the Heritage Area to identify the critical components for sustainability of the Heritage Area. (c) Report. (3) Submission to congress. (2) Nonfederal share.SEC. 2. (2) Local coordinating entity. The term management plan means the management plan for the Heritage Area required under section 5(a). (5) Secretary. 3. FOXWISCONSIN HERITAGE PARKWAY NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA. (a) Establishment. (1) In general. The Heritage Area shall include (A) the area included in Appendix A, Map 1 of the feasibility study submitted by the local coordinating entity, which includes approximately 1,444 square miles of land in 15 counties in central and southeastern Wisconsin, including Brown, Calumet, Columbia, Crawford, Dane, Fond du Lac, Grant, Green Lake, Iowa, Marquette, Outagamie, Richland, Sauk, Waushara, and Winnebago counties; and (B) any contributing sites, buildings, and districts within the area described in subparagraph (A) that are recommended for inclusion in the Heritage Area by the management plan. The boundaries of the Heritage Area may be revised if the revisions are (A) proposed in the management plan developed for the Heritage Area; (B) depicted on the map; and (C) approved by the Secretary in accordance with this Act. The map shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of (1) the National Park Service; and (2) the local coordinating entity. SEC. To carry out the management plan, the Secretary, acting through the local coordinating entity, may use amounts made available under this Act (1) to make grants to the State (including any political subdivision of the State), nonprofit organizations, and other individuals; (2) to enter into cooperative agreements with, or provide technical assistance to, the State (including any political subdivision of the State), nonprofit organizations, and other interested parties; (3) to hire and compensate staff, which shall include individuals with expertise in natural, cultural, and historical resource protection, and heritage programming; (4) to obtain funds or services from any source, including funds or services that are provided under any other Federal law or program; (5) to enter into contracts for goods or services; and (6) to serve as a catalyst for any other activity that (A) furthers the purposes and goals of the Heritage Area; and (B) is consistent with the approved management plan. The local coordinating entity shall (1) in accordance with section 5, prepare and submit to the Secretary a management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) assist units of local government, regional planning organizations, and nonprofit organizations in carrying out the approved management plan by (A) carrying out programs and projects that recognize, protect, and enhance important resource values located in the Heritage Area; (B) establishing and maintaining interpretive exhibits and programs in the Heritage Area; (C) developing recreational and educational opportunities in the Heritage Area; (D) increasing public awareness of, and appreciation for, the natural, historical, scenic, and cultural resources of the Heritage Area; (E) protecting and restoring historic sites and buildings in the Heritage Area that are consistent with Heritage Area themes; (F) ensuring that clear, consistent, and appropriate signs identifying points of public access, and sites of interest, are posted throughout the Heritage Area; and (G) promoting a wide range of partnerships among governments, organizations, and individuals to further the Heritage Area; (3) consider the interests of diverse units of government, businesses, organizations, and individuals in the Heritage Area in the preparation and implementation of the management plan; (4) conduct meetings open to the public at least semiannually regarding the development and implementation of the management plan; (5) for any year for which Federal funds have been received under this Act (A) submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the activities, expenses, and income of the local coordinating entity (including grants to any other entities during the year that the report is made); (B) make available to the Secretary for audit all records relating to the expenditure of the funds and any matching funds; and (C) require, with respect to all agreements authorizing expenditure of Federal funds by other organizations, that the organizations receiving the funds make available to the Secretary for audit all records concerning the expenditure of the funds; and (6) encourage by appropriate means economic viability that is consistent with the Heritage Area. The local coordinating entity shall not use Federal funds made available under this Act to acquire real property or any interest in real property. MANAGEMENT PLAN. (b) Requirements. (2) Criteria for approval. In determining whether to approve the management plan, the Secretary shall consider whether (A) the local coordinating entity is representative of the diverse interests of the Heritage Area, including governments, natural and historic resource protection organizations, educational institutions, businesses, and recreational organizations; (B) the local coordinating entity has afforded adequate opportunity, including public hearings, for public and governmental involvement in the preparation of the management plan; and (C) the resource protection and interpretation strategies contained in the management plan, if implemented, would adequately protect the natural, cultural, historic, scenic, educational, and recreational resources of the Heritage Area. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES. (c) Other Federal Agencies. Nothing in this Act (1) abridges the rights of any public or private property owner, including the right to refrain from participating in any plan, project, program, or activity conducted within the Heritage Area; (2) requires any property owner (A) to permit public access (including access by Federal, State, tribal, or local agencies) to the property of the property owner; or (B) to modify public access or use of property of the property owner under any other Federal, State, or local law; (3) alters any duly adopted land use regulation, approved land use plan, or other regulatory authority of any Federal, State, or local agency; (4) conveys any land use or other regulatory authority to the local coordinating entity; (5) authorizes or implies the reservation or appropriation of water or water rights; (6) diminishes the authority of the State to manage fish and wildlife, including the regulation of fishing and hunting within the Heritage Area; or (7) creates any liability, or affects any liability under any other law (including regulations), of any private property owner with respect to any individual injured on the private property. An evaluation conducted under subsection (a)(1) shall (1) assess the progress of the local coordinating entity with respect to (A) accomplishing the purposes of this Act for the Heritage Area; and (B) achieving the goals and objectives of the approved management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) analyze the Federal, State, local, and private investments in the Heritage Area to determine the leverage and impact of the investments; and (3) review the management structure, partnership relationships, and funding of the Heritage Area to identify the critical components for sustainability of the Heritage Area. (c) Report. (3) Submission to congress. (2) Nonfederal share.