PETITIONS CLAIMING UNREASONABLY HIGH AIR FARES OR INADEQUATE AIR CARRIER COMPETITION AT AIRPORTS. Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) by inserting (a) In General. If the Secretary receives a petition submitted by the sponsor of a commercial service airport (or by the attorney general of a State on behalf of 1 or more persons, including governmental entities, with respect to an airport) claiming that fares for scheduled air transportation at the airport are unreasonably high, or that competition between air carriers at the airport is inadequate, the Secretary shall investigate and hold a public hearing on the petition before the expiration of the 90day period beginning on the date of receipt of the petition. (2) Location of hearing. An air carrier providing air transportation at the airport shall provide to the Secretary pursuant to section 41708 such information concerning fares for air transportation and air service at the airport as the Secretary considers necessary to making findings in response to the petition. (4) Opportunity to testify. If the Secretary receives a petition under this section with respect to an airport for which the Secretary has previously conducted an investigation and public hearing under this subsection, the Secretary may decide not to conduct a subsequent investigation and public hearing in response to the new petition. (7) Reports to congress. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to authorize the Secretary to set or invalidate any fare for air transportation. (c) Marketing Practices That Adversely Affect Air Carrier Competition. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall review the marketing practices of air carriers that may inhibit the availability of quality, affordable air transportation services to commercial service airports, including (A) marketing arrangements between air carriers and travel agents; (B) codesharing partnerships; (C) frequent flyer incentive programs and restrictions on purchases of frequent flyer mileage by other air carriers; (D) computer reservation system displays; (E) gate arrangements at airports; (F) exclusive dealing arrangements; and (G) any other marketing practices that may have similar impacts.PETITIONS CLAIMING UNREASONABLY HIGH AIR FARES OR INADEQUATE AIR CARRIER COMPETITION AT AIRPORTS. Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) by inserting (a) In General. If the Secretary receives a petition submitted by the sponsor of a commercial service airport (or by the attorney general of a State on behalf of 1 or more persons, including governmental entities, with respect to an airport) claiming that fares for scheduled air transportation at the airport are unreasonably high, or that competition between air carriers at the airport is inadequate, the Secretary shall investigate and hold a public hearing on the petition before the expiration of the 90day period beginning on the date of receipt of the petition. (2) Location of hearing. An air carrier providing air transportation at the airport shall provide to the Secretary pursuant to section 41708 such information concerning fares for air transportation and air service at the airport as the Secretary considers necessary to making findings in response to the petition. (4) Opportunity to testify. If the Secretary receives a petition under this section with respect to an airport for which the Secretary has previously conducted an investigation and public hearing under this subsection, the Secretary may decide not to conduct a subsequent investigation and public hearing in response to the new petition. (7) Reports to congress. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to authorize the Secretary to set or invalidate any fare for air transportation. (c) Marketing Practices That Adversely Affect Air Carrier Competition. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall review the marketing practices of air carriers that may inhibit the availability of quality, affordable air transportation services to commercial service airports, including (A) marketing arrangements between air carriers and travel agents; (B) codesharing partnerships; (C) frequent flyer incentive programs and restrictions on purchases of frequent flyer mileage by other air carriers; (D) computer reservation system displays; (E) gate arrangements at airports; (F) exclusive dealing arrangements; and (G) any other marketing practices that may have similar impacts.PETITIONS CLAIMING UNREASONABLY HIGH AIR FARES OR INADEQUATE AIR CARRIER COMPETITION AT AIRPORTS. Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) by inserting (a) In General. If the Secretary receives a petition submitted by the sponsor of a commercial service airport (or by the attorney general of a State on behalf of 1 or more persons, including governmental entities, with respect to an airport) claiming that fares for scheduled air transportation at the airport are unreasonably high, or that competition between air carriers at the airport is inadequate, the Secretary shall investigate and hold a public hearing on the petition before the expiration of the 90day period beginning on the date of receipt of the petition. (2) Location of hearing. An air carrier providing air transportation at the airport shall provide to the Secretary pursuant to section 41708 such information concerning fares for air transportation and air service at the airport as the Secretary considers necessary to making findings in response to the petition. (4) Opportunity to testify. If the Secretary receives a petition under this section with respect to an airport for which the Secretary has previously conducted an investigation and public hearing under this subsection, the Secretary may decide not to conduct a subsequent investigation and public hearing in response to the new petition. (7) Reports to congress. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to authorize the Secretary to set or invalidate any fare for air transportation. (c) Marketing Practices That Adversely Affect Air Carrier Competition. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall review the marketing practices of air carriers that may inhibit the availability of quality, affordable air transportation services to commercial service airports, including (A) marketing arrangements between air carriers and travel agents; (B) codesharing partnerships; (C) frequent flyer incentive programs and restrictions on purchases of frequent flyer mileage by other air carriers; (D) computer reservation system displays; (E) gate arrangements at airports; (F) exclusive dealing arrangements; and (G) any other marketing practices that may have similar impacts.