2. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall establish a program, to be known as the Brownfield Redevelopment and Economic Development Innovative Financing program, under which the Secretary may guarantee, and make commitments to guarantee, the repayment of principal and interest on loans made by lenders to local governments, local redevelopment agencies, or BRAC redevelopment projects for the purposes of carrying out projects for redeveloping brownfields and promoting urban renewal. A local government, local redevelopment agency, or BRAC redevelopment project shall be eligible to receive a loan guarantee under the Program only if such government, agency, or project submits to the Secretary (at such time and in such form as the Secretary may require) (A) a master plan that meets the requirements under subsection (c); (B) a certification from the Environmental Protection Agency, or an entity designated by the Environmental Protection Agency, that the brownfield to be redeveloped under the master plan requires environmental remediation; and (C) any other information as the Secretary may require. Such loan shall be used for costs of carrying out a project to redevelop brownfields and promote urban renewal, which may include (i) acquisition of a brownfield site; (ii) remediation of a brownfield site; (iii) relocation of existing facilities in operation on the redevelopment site; or (iv) site preparation, including the installation of utilities, sewers, storm drains, and transportation facilities. The original principal amount of such loan shall not (i) be less than $25,000,000; and (ii) exceed the lesser of (I) the total cost of the redevelopment project for which the loan is to be used; or (II) $150,000,000. Such loan (i) shall not require any repayment of principal or interest within 10 years after the date that the lender makes the loan to the borrower; and (ii) shall require that repayment shall begin not later than 15 years after the date that such loan is made. A master plan under this subsection shall describe the proposed brownfield redevelopment project for which the loan guarantee is to be made, and shall include (1) a description of the project to be funded by the loan, including a schedule of activities to be undertaken and a budget for such project; (2) a demonstration that the brownfield redevelopment project will result in major redevelopment, based on economic development and environmental quality and restoration, in the community in which such project is located, which shall include information regarding (A) the extent of nonFederal funds committed to the project; (B) the number of longterm jobs created by the project; (C) the environmental remediation of brownfield sites due to the project; (D) a description of the environmental and economic impact of the project on the community; (E) the amount of affordable housing created by the project; (F) the reduction of vehicle congestion and emissions expected to result from the project; (G) the extent of integration of green technology into developments and buildings created by the project; (H) the extent of improvement in air quality expected to result from the project; and (I) the extent to which complete streets planning and transitoriented development is incorporated into the project; (3) evidence of the commitments of investment from non Federal entities, established through zoning or other documentation; and (4) a remediation action plan that has been approved by the Environmental Protection Agency, or its designee. (d) Selection Criteria. S. C. 5308). To be eligible for a loan guarantee under this section, an applicant shall demonstrate a viable repayment schedule and shall provide sufficient collateral to ensure repayment of loans so guaranteed, which may be in the form of a pledge of grants for which the applicant may become eligible under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U. ), except that the Secretary may not require a pledge of such grants as collateral and shall provide for applicants to provide collateral in other forms, at the option of the applicant. (3) Congressional oversight. The term BRAC redevelopment project means a project to redevelop a site that has been designated as a Base Realignment and Closure Site by the Secretary of Defense, through the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission, and is listed on the website of the Department of Defense as such a site. (2) Brownfield. 9601(39). (3) Local redevelopment agency. (4) Remediation action plan.2. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall establish a program, to be known as the Brownfield Redevelopment and Economic Development Innovative Financing program, under which the Secretary may guarantee, and make commitments to guarantee, the repayment of principal and interest on loans made by lenders to local governments, local redevelopment agencies, or BRAC redevelopment projects for the purposes of carrying out projects for redeveloping brownfields and promoting urban renewal. A local government, local redevelopment agency, or BRAC redevelopment project shall be eligible to receive a loan guarantee under the Program only if such government, agency, or project submits to the Secretary (at such time and in such form as the Secretary may require) (A) a master plan that meets the requirements under subsection (c); (B) a certification from the Environmental Protection Agency, or an entity designated by the Environmental Protection Agency, that the brownfield to be redeveloped under the master plan requires environmental remediation; and (C) any other information as the Secretary may require. Such loan shall be used for costs of carrying out a project to redevelop brownfields and promote urban renewal, which may include (i) acquisition of a brownfield site; (ii) remediation of a brownfield site; (iii) relocation of existing facilities in operation on the redevelopment site; or (iv) site preparation, including the installation of utilities, sewers, storm drains, and transportation facilities. The original principal amount of such loan shall not (i) be less than $25,000,000; and (ii) exceed the lesser of (I) the total cost of the redevelopment project for which the loan is to be used; or (II) $150,000,000. Such loan (i) shall not require any repayment of principal or interest within 10 years after the date that the lender makes the loan to the borrower; and (ii) shall require that repayment shall begin not later than 15 years after the date that such loan is made. A master plan under this subsection shall describe the proposed brownfield redevelopment project for which the loan guarantee is to be made, and shall include (1) a description of the project to be funded by the loan, including a schedule of activities to be undertaken and a budget for such project; (2) a demonstration that the brownfield redevelopment project will result in major redevelopment, based on economic development and environmental quality and restoration, in the community in which such project is located, which shall include information regarding (A) the extent of nonFederal funds committed to the project; (B) the number of longterm jobs created by the project; (C) the environmental remediation of brownfield sites due to the project; (D) a description of the environmental and economic impact of the project on the community; (E) the amount of affordable housing created by the project; (F) the reduction of vehicle congestion and emissions expected to result from the project; (G) the extent of integration of green technology into developments and buildings created by the project; (H) the extent of improvement in air quality expected to result from the project; and (I) the extent to which complete streets planning and transitoriented development is incorporated into the project; (3) evidence of the commitments of investment from non Federal entities, established through zoning or other documentation; and (4) a remediation action plan that has been approved by the Environmental Protection Agency, or its designee. (d) Selection Criteria. S. C. 5308). To be eligible for a loan guarantee under this section, an applicant shall demonstrate a viable repayment schedule and shall provide sufficient collateral to ensure repayment of loans so guaranteed, which may be in the form of a pledge of grants for which the applicant may become eligible under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U. ), except that the Secretary may not require a pledge of such grants as collateral and shall provide for applicants to provide collateral in other forms, at the option of the applicant. (3) Congressional oversight. The term BRAC redevelopment project means a project to redevelop a site that has been designated as a Base Realignment and Closure Site by the Secretary of Defense, through the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission, and is listed on the website of the Department of Defense as such a site. (2) Brownfield. 9601(39). (3) Local redevelopment agency. (4) Remediation action plan.2. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall establish a program, to be known as the Brownfield Redevelopment and Economic Development Innovative Financing program, under which the Secretary may guarantee, and make commitments to guarantee, the repayment of principal and interest on loans made by lenders to local governments, local redevelopment agencies, or BRAC redevelopment projects for the purposes of carrying out projects for redeveloping brownfields and promoting urban renewal. A local government, local redevelopment agency, or BRAC redevelopment project shall be eligible to receive a loan guarantee under the Program only if such government, agency, or project submits to the Secretary (at such time and in such form as the Secretary may require) (A) a master plan that meets the requirements under subsection (c); (B) a certification from the Environmental Protection Agency, or an entity designated by the Environmental Protection Agency, that the brownfield to be redeveloped under the master plan requires environmental remediation; and (C) any other information as the Secretary may require. Such loan shall be used for costs of carrying out a project to redevelop brownfields and promote urban renewal, which may include (i) acquisition of a brownfield site; (ii) remediation of a brownfield site; (iii) relocation of existing facilities in operation on the redevelopment site; or (iv) site preparation, including the installation of utilities, sewers, storm drains, and transportation facilities. The original principal amount of such loan shall not (i) be less than $25,000,000; and (ii) exceed the lesser of (I) the total cost of the redevelopment project for which the loan is to be used; or (II) $150,000,000. Such loan (i) shall not require any repayment of principal or interest within 10 years after the date that the lender makes the loan to the borrower; and (ii) shall require that repayment shall begin not later than 15 years after the date that such loan is made. A master plan under this subsection shall describe the proposed brownfield redevelopment project for which the loan guarantee is to be made, and shall include (1) a description of the project to be funded by the loan, including a schedule of activities to be undertaken and a budget for such project; (2) a demonstration that the brownfield redevelopment project will result in major redevelopment, based on economic development and environmental quality and restoration, in the community in which such project is located, which shall include information regarding (A) the extent of nonFederal funds committed to the project; (B) the number of longterm jobs created by the project; (C) the environmental remediation of brownfield sites due to the project; (D) a description of the environmental and economic impact of the project on the community; (E) the amount of affordable housing created by the project; (F) the reduction of vehicle congestion and emissions expected to result from the project; (G) the extent of integration of green technology into developments and buildings created by the project; (H) the extent of improvement in air quality expected to result from the project; and (I) the extent to which complete streets planning and transitoriented development is incorporated into the project; (3) evidence of the commitments of investment from non Federal entities, established through zoning or other documentation; and (4) a remediation action plan that has been approved by the Environmental Protection Agency, or its designee. (d) Selection Criteria. S. C. 5308). To be eligible for a loan guarantee under this section, an applicant shall demonstrate a viable repayment schedule and shall provide sufficient collateral to ensure repayment of loans so guaranteed, which may be in the form of a pledge of grants for which the applicant may become eligible under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U. ), except that the Secretary may not require a pledge of such grants as collateral and shall provide for applicants to provide collateral in other forms, at the option of the applicant. (3) Congressional oversight. The term BRAC redevelopment project means a project to redevelop a site that has been designated as a Base Realignment and Closure Site by the Secretary of Defense, through the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission, and is listed on the website of the Department of Defense as such a site. (2) Brownfield. 9601(39). (3) Local redevelopment agency. (4) Remediation action plan.