SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) The United States is an Arctic nation with (A) an approximately 700mile border with the Arctic Ocean; (B) more than 100,000,000 acres of land above the Arctic Circle; and (C) an even broader area defined as Arctic by temperature, which includes the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands. (2) The Arctic region of the United States (A) is home to an indigenous population which has subsisted for millennia on the abundance in marine mammals, fish, and wildlife, many of which are unique to the region; (B) is known to the indigenous population as Inuvikput or the place where we live; and (C) has produced more than 16,000,000,000 barrels of oil and, according to the United States Geological Survey, may hold an additional 30,000,000,000 barrels of oil and 220,000,000,000,000 cubic feet of natural gas, making the region of fundamental importance to the national interest of the United States. (3) Temperatures in the United States Arctic region have warmed by 3 to 4 degrees Celsius over the past halfcentury, a rate of increase that is twice the global average. (6) Such changes are opening new portions of the United States Arctic continental shelf to possible development for offshore oil and gas, commercial fishing, marine shipping, and tourism. (7) It is in the interests of the United States to work with the State of Alaska and the United States neighbors in the Arctic region to ensure that shipping in the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas is safe for mariners, protective of the natural environment, including the air, land, water, and wildlife of the Arctic, and mindful of the needs of longstanding subsistence users of Arctic resources. (8) It is in the interests of the United States to ensure that shipping in the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas is secure, that United States sovereign and security interests, including the freedom of navigation rights of United States and foreign vessels to transit international straits, are respected and protected, consistent with international and customary law, that access is provided throughout the Arctic Ocean for legitimate research vessels of all nations, and that peaceful relations are maintained in the Arctic region. (9) It is in the interests of the United States to cooperate to establish a system of international cooperation to support reliable shipping, with methods for joint investment in providing mariners aids to navigation, ports of refuge, vessel toshore communication, weather and ice forecasting, ship tracking and reporting, hydrographic mapping, and search and rescue capability. (10) The United States has continuing research, security, environmental, and commercial interests in the Arctic region that rely on the availability of polar class icebreakers of the Coast Guard that were commissioned in the 1970s and are in need of replacement. 3. PURPOSE. SEC. S. 4111). It is the sense of Congress that, to carry out the purpose of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, should work to establish agreements to promote coordinated action among the United States, Russia, Canada, Iceland, Norway, and Denmark and other seafaring and Arctic nations with respect to (1) placement and maintenance of aids to navigation in waters of the Arctic; (2) improved navigational charts; (3) the monitoring of ocean conditions including wind, waves, and currents and the timely reporting of information about ice and weather conditions; (4) appropriate icebreaking escort, tug, and salvage capabilities; (5) oil spill prevention and response capability; (6) maritime domain awareness, including longrange vessel tracking and communications facilities; (7) search and rescue; and (8) facilities for ship generated waste. In this subsection, the term appropriate committees of Congress means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, execute a contract with an independent entity to (A) conduct an analysis of future mission requirements of the Coast Guard in the Arctic and Antarctic; and (B) estimate the necessary resources to provide for such requirements. S. 1223 and 1224), the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the appropriate Area Committee established under section 311(j)(4) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U. 1321(j)(4)), shall prepare (1) not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a vessel traffic risk assessment for the Bering Strait, Alaska; and (2) not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a vessel traffic risk assessment for the Arctic Ocean waters adjacent to Alaska's North Slope. An assessment, prepared pursuant to this section, may include any appropriate recommendations to enhance the safety and security, or lessen potential adverse environmental impacts, of marine shipping. 1321(j)(4)), shall consult with affected Federal, State, and local government agencies, representatives of the fishing industry, Alaska Natives from the region, the conservation community, and the merchant shipping and oil transportation industries. REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF ARCTIC DEEP WATER PORT. (B) Potential and optimum locations for such a port. TRANSFER OF FUNDS FOR ICEBREAKING SERVICES. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall transfer all amounts provided pursuant to any Act for the procurement of polar icebreaking services to the United States Coast Guard Appropriation Accounts, and such amounts shall remain available until expended for operating expenses, renovation, and improvement. 892d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (7) To acquire hydrographic data, provide hydrographic services, and conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation, and to improve the management of coastal change in the Arctic, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2011 and 2012.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) The United States is an Arctic nation with (A) an approximately 700mile border with the Arctic Ocean; (B) more than 100,000,000 acres of land above the Arctic Circle; and (C) an even broader area defined as Arctic by temperature, which includes the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands. (2) The Arctic region of the United States (A) is home to an indigenous population which has subsisted for millennia on the abundance in marine mammals, fish, and wildlife, many of which are unique to the region; (B) is known to the indigenous population as Inuvikput or the place where we live; and (C) has produced more than 16,000,000,000 barrels of oil and, according to the United States Geological Survey, may hold an additional 30,000,000,000 barrels of oil and 220,000,000,000,000 cubic feet of natural gas, making the region of fundamental importance to the national interest of the United States. (3) Temperatures in the United States Arctic region have warmed by 3 to 4 degrees Celsius over the past halfcentury, a rate of increase that is twice the global average. (6) Such changes are opening new portions of the United States Arctic continental shelf to possible development for offshore oil and gas, commercial fishing, marine shipping, and tourism. (7) It is in the interests of the United States to work with the State of Alaska and the United States neighbors in the Arctic region to ensure that shipping in the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas is safe for mariners, protective of the natural environment, including the air, land, water, and wildlife of the Arctic, and mindful of the needs of longstanding subsistence users of Arctic resources. (8) It is in the interests of the United States to ensure that shipping in the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas is secure, that United States sovereign and security interests, including the freedom of navigation rights of United States and foreign vessels to transit international straits, are respected and protected, consistent with international and customary law, that access is provided throughout the Arctic Ocean for legitimate research vessels of all nations, and that peaceful relations are maintained in the Arctic region. (9) It is in the interests of the United States to cooperate to establish a system of international cooperation to support reliable shipping, with methods for joint investment in providing mariners aids to navigation, ports of refuge, vessel toshore communication, weather and ice forecasting, ship tracking and reporting, hydrographic mapping, and search and rescue capability. (10) The United States has continuing research, security, environmental, and commercial interests in the Arctic region that rely on the availability of polar class icebreakers of the Coast Guard that were commissioned in the 1970s and are in need of replacement. 3. PURPOSE. SEC. S. 4111). It is the sense of Congress that, to carry out the purpose of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, should work to establish agreements to promote coordinated action among the United States, Russia, Canada, Iceland, Norway, and Denmark and other seafaring and Arctic nations with respect to (1) placement and maintenance of aids to navigation in waters of the Arctic; (2) improved navigational charts; (3) the monitoring of ocean conditions including wind, waves, and currents and the timely reporting of information about ice and weather conditions; (4) appropriate icebreaking escort, tug, and salvage capabilities; (5) oil spill prevention and response capability; (6) maritime domain awareness, including longrange vessel tracking and communications facilities; (7) search and rescue; and (8) facilities for ship generated waste. In this subsection, the term appropriate committees of Congress means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, execute a contract with an independent entity to (A) conduct an analysis of future mission requirements of the Coast Guard in the Arctic and Antarctic; and (B) estimate the necessary resources to provide for such requirements. S. 1223 and 1224), the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the appropriate Area Committee established under section 311(j)(4) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U. 1321(j)(4)), shall prepare (1) not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a vessel traffic risk assessment for the Bering Strait, Alaska; and (2) not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a vessel traffic risk assessment for the Arctic Ocean waters adjacent to Alaska's North Slope. An assessment, prepared pursuant to this section, may include any appropriate recommendations to enhance the safety and security, or lessen potential adverse environmental impacts, of marine shipping. 1321(j)(4)), shall consult with affected Federal, State, and local government agencies, representatives of the fishing industry, Alaska Natives from the region, the conservation community, and the merchant shipping and oil transportation industries. REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF ARCTIC DEEP WATER PORT. (B) Potential and optimum locations for such a port. TRANSFER OF FUNDS FOR ICEBREAKING SERVICES. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall transfer all amounts provided pursuant to any Act for the procurement of polar icebreaking services to the United States Coast Guard Appropriation Accounts, and such amounts shall remain available until expended for operating expenses, renovation, and improvement. 892d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (7) To acquire hydrographic data, provide hydrographic services, and conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation, and to improve the management of coastal change in the Arctic, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2011 and 2012.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) The United States is an Arctic nation with (A) an approximately 700mile border with the Arctic Ocean; (B) more than 100,000,000 acres of land above the Arctic Circle; and (C) an even broader area defined as Arctic by temperature, which includes the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands. (2) The Arctic region of the United States (A) is home to an indigenous population which has subsisted for millennia on the abundance in marine mammals, fish, and wildlife, many of which are unique to the region; (B) is known to the indigenous population as Inuvikput or the place where we live; and (C) has produced more than 16,000,000,000 barrels of oil and, according to the United States Geological Survey, may hold an additional 30,000,000,000 barrels of oil and 220,000,000,000,000 cubic feet of natural gas, making the region of fundamental importance to the national interest of the United States. (3) Temperatures in the United States Arctic region have warmed by 3 to 4 degrees Celsius over the past halfcentury, a rate of increase that is twice the global average. (6) Such changes are opening new portions of the United States Arctic continental shelf to possible development for offshore oil and gas, commercial fishing, marine shipping, and tourism. (7) It is in the interests of the United States to work with the State of Alaska and the United States neighbors in the Arctic region to ensure that shipping in the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas is safe for mariners, protective of the natural environment, including the air, land, water, and wildlife of the Arctic, and mindful of the needs of longstanding subsistence users of Arctic resources. (8) It is in the interests of the United States to ensure that shipping in the Arctic Ocean and adjacent seas is secure, that United States sovereign and security interests, including the freedom of navigation rights of United States and foreign vessels to transit international straits, are respected and protected, consistent with international and customary law, that access is provided throughout the Arctic Ocean for legitimate research vessels of all nations, and that peaceful relations are maintained in the Arctic region. (9) It is in the interests of the United States to cooperate to establish a system of international cooperation to support reliable shipping, with methods for joint investment in providing mariners aids to navigation, ports of refuge, vessel toshore communication, weather and ice forecasting, ship tracking and reporting, hydrographic mapping, and search and rescue capability. (10) The United States has continuing research, security, environmental, and commercial interests in the Arctic region that rely on the availability of polar class icebreakers of the Coast Guard that were commissioned in the 1970s and are in need of replacement. 3. PURPOSE. SEC. S. 4111). It is the sense of Congress that, to carry out the purpose of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, should work to establish agreements to promote coordinated action among the United States, Russia, Canada, Iceland, Norway, and Denmark and other seafaring and Arctic nations with respect to (1) placement and maintenance of aids to navigation in waters of the Arctic; (2) improved navigational charts; (3) the monitoring of ocean conditions including wind, waves, and currents and the timely reporting of information about ice and weather conditions; (4) appropriate icebreaking escort, tug, and salvage capabilities; (5) oil spill prevention and response capability; (6) maritime domain awareness, including longrange vessel tracking and communications facilities; (7) search and rescue; and (8) facilities for ship generated waste. In this subsection, the term appropriate committees of Congress means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, execute a contract with an independent entity to (A) conduct an analysis of future mission requirements of the Coast Guard in the Arctic and Antarctic; and (B) estimate the necessary resources to provide for such requirements. S. 1223 and 1224), the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the appropriate Area Committee established under section 311(j)(4) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U. 1321(j)(4)), shall prepare (1) not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a vessel traffic risk assessment for the Bering Strait, Alaska; and (2) not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a vessel traffic risk assessment for the Arctic Ocean waters adjacent to Alaska's North Slope. An assessment, prepared pursuant to this section, may include any appropriate recommendations to enhance the safety and security, or lessen potential adverse environmental impacts, of marine shipping. 1321(j)(4)), shall consult with affected Federal, State, and local government agencies, representatives of the fishing industry, Alaska Natives from the region, the conservation community, and the merchant shipping and oil transportation industries. REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF ARCTIC DEEP WATER PORT. (B) Potential and optimum locations for such a port. TRANSFER OF FUNDS FOR ICEBREAKING SERVICES. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall transfer all amounts provided pursuant to any Act for the procurement of polar icebreaking services to the United States Coast Guard Appropriation Accounts, and such amounts shall remain available until expended for operating expenses, renovation, and improvement. 892d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (7) To acquire hydrographic data, provide hydrographic services, and conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation, and to improve the management of coastal change in the Arctic, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2011 and 2012.