SEC. Any computer software made available to the public, whether by sale or without charge, that includes a capability to collect information about the user of such computer software, the hardware on which such computer software is used, or the manner in which such computer software is used, and to disclose to such information to any person other than the user of such computer software, shall include (A) a clear and conspicuous written notice, on the first electronic page of the instructions for the installation of such computer software, that such computer software includes such capability; (B) a description of the information subject to collection and the name and address of each person to whom such computer software will transmit or otherwise communicate such information; and (C) a clear and conspicuous written electronic notice, in a manner reasonably calculated to provide the user of such computer software with easily understood instructions on how to disable such capability without affecting the performance or operation of such computer software for the purposes for which such computer software was intended. A capability of computer software described in paragraph (1) may not be enabled unless the user of such computer software provides affirmative consent, in advance, to the enablement of the capability. (3) Exception. The requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any capability of computer software that is reasonably needed to (A) determine whether or not the user is a licensed or authorized user of such computer software; (B) provide, upon request of the user, technical support of the use of such computer software by the user; or (C) enable an employer to monitor computer usage by its employees while such employees are within the scope of employment as authorized by applicable Federal, State, or local law. (4) Use of information collected through excepted capability. Any person collecting information about a user of computer software through a capability described in paragraph (1) shall (A) upon request of the user, provide reasonable access by user to information so collected; (B) provide a reasonable opportunity for the user to correct, delete, or supplement such information; and (C) make the correction or supplementary information a part of the information about the user for purposes of any future use of such information under this subsection. (6) Security of information collected through excepted capability. A violation of subsection (a) or (b) shall be treated as an unfair or deceptive act or practice proscribed by section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U. 57a(a)(1)(B)). (d) Disclosure to Law Enforcement or Under Court Order. A court that issues an order described in paragraph (1) shall impose appropriate safeguards on the use of the information to protect against its unauthorized disclosure. A court issuing an order pursuant to this paragraph, on a motion made promptly by the computer software provider may quash or modify such order if the information or records requested are unreasonably voluminous in nature or if compliance with such order otherwise would cause an unreasonable burden on the provider. A person may, if otherwise permitted by the laws or rules of court of a State, bring in an appropriate Federal court, if such laws or rules prohibit such actions, either or both of the actions as follows: (A) An action based on a violation of subsection (a) or (b) to enjoin such violation. If the court in an action under paragraph (1) finds that the defendant willfully, knowingly, or repeatedly violated subsection (a) or (b), the court may, in its discretion, increase the amount of the award under paragraph (1)(B) to an amount not greater than three times the amount available under paragraph (1)(B)(ii). In any action under paragraph (1), the court may, in its discretion, require an undertaking for the payment of the costs of such action and assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorney fees, against the defendant. (A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term computer software means any program designed to cause a computer to perform a desired function or functions. (B) The term does not include a text file, or cookie, placed on a person's computer system by an Internet service provider, interactive computer service, or commercial Internet website to return information to the Internet service provider, interactive computer service, commercial Internet website, or third party if the person subsequently uses the Internet service provider or interactive computer service, or accesses the commercial Internet website. (H) Any other unique information identifying an individual that a computer software provider, Internet service provider, interactive computer service, or operator of a commercial Internet website collects and combines with information described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of this paragraph. (g) Effective Date.SEC. Any computer software made available to the public, whether by sale or without charge, that includes a capability to collect information about the user of such computer software, the hardware on which such computer software is used, or the manner in which such computer software is used, and to disclose to such information to any person other than the user of such computer software, shall include (A) a clear and conspicuous written notice, on the first electronic page of the instructions for the installation of such computer software, that such computer software includes such capability; (B) a description of the information subject to collection and the name and address of each person to whom such computer software will transmit or otherwise communicate such information; and (C) a clear and conspicuous written electronic notice, in a manner reasonably calculated to provide the user of such computer software with easily understood instructions on how to disable such capability without affecting the performance or operation of such computer software for the purposes for which such computer software was intended. A capability of computer software described in paragraph (1) may not be enabled unless the user of such computer software provides affirmative consent, in advance, to the enablement of the capability. (3) Exception. The requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any capability of computer software that is reasonably needed to (A) determine whether or not the user is a licensed or authorized user of such computer software; (B) provide, upon request of the user, technical support of the use of such computer software by the user; or (C) enable an employer to monitor computer usage by its employees while such employees are within the scope of employment as authorized by applicable Federal, State, or local law. (4) Use of information collected through excepted capability. Any person collecting information about a user of computer software through a capability described in paragraph (1) shall (A) upon request of the user, provide reasonable access by user to information so collected; (B) provide a reasonable opportunity for the user to correct, delete, or supplement such information; and (C) make the correction or supplementary information a part of the information about the user for purposes of any future use of such information under this subsection. (6) Security of information collected through excepted capability. A violation of subsection (a) or (b) shall be treated as an unfair or deceptive act or practice proscribed by section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U. 57a(a)(1)(B)). (d) Disclosure to Law Enforcement or Under Court Order. A court that issues an order described in paragraph (1) shall impose appropriate safeguards on the use of the information to protect against its unauthorized disclosure. A court issuing an order pursuant to this paragraph, on a motion made promptly by the computer software provider may quash or modify such order if the information or records requested are unreasonably voluminous in nature or if compliance with such order otherwise would cause an unreasonable burden on the provider. A person may, if otherwise permitted by the laws or rules of court of a State, bring in an appropriate Federal court, if such laws or rules prohibit such actions, either or both of the actions as follows: (A) An action based on a violation of subsection (a) or (b) to enjoin such violation. If the court in an action under paragraph (1) finds that the defendant willfully, knowingly, or repeatedly violated subsection (a) or (b), the court may, in its discretion, increase the amount of the award under paragraph (1)(B) to an amount not greater than three times the amount available under paragraph (1)(B)(ii). In any action under paragraph (1), the court may, in its discretion, require an undertaking for the payment of the costs of such action and assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorney fees, against the defendant. (A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term computer software means any program designed to cause a computer to perform a desired function or functions. (B) The term does not include a text file, or cookie, placed on a person's computer system by an Internet service provider, interactive computer service, or commercial Internet website to return information to the Internet service provider, interactive computer service, commercial Internet website, or third party if the person subsequently uses the Internet service provider or interactive computer service, or accesses the commercial Internet website. (H) Any other unique information identifying an individual that a computer software provider, Internet service provider, interactive computer service, or operator of a commercial Internet website collects and combines with information described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of this paragraph. (g) Effective Date.SEC. Any computer software made available to the public, whether by sale or without charge, that includes a capability to collect information about the user of such computer software, the hardware on which such computer software is used, or the manner in which such computer software is used, and to disclose to such information to any person other than the user of such computer software, shall include (A) a clear and conspicuous written notice, on the first electronic page of the instructions for the installation of such computer software, that such computer software includes such capability; (B) a description of the information subject to collection and the name and address of each person to whom such computer software will transmit or otherwise communicate such information; and (C) a clear and conspicuous written electronic notice, in a manner reasonably calculated to provide the user of such computer software with easily understood instructions on how to disable such capability without affecting the performance or operation of such computer software for the purposes for which such computer software was intended. A capability of computer software described in paragraph (1) may not be enabled unless the user of such computer software provides affirmative consent, in advance, to the enablement of the capability. (3) Exception. The requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any capability of computer software that is reasonably needed to (A) determine whether or not the user is a licensed or authorized user of such computer software; (B) provide, upon request of the user, technical support of the use of such computer software by the user; or (C) enable an employer to monitor computer usage by its employees while such employees are within the scope of employment as authorized by applicable Federal, State, or local law. (4) Use of information collected through excepted capability. Any person collecting information about a user of computer software through a capability described in paragraph (1) shall (A) upon request of the user, provide reasonable access by user to information so collected; (B) provide a reasonable opportunity for the user to correct, delete, or supplement such information; and (C) make the correction or supplementary information a part of the information about the user for purposes of any future use of such information under this subsection. (6) Security of information collected through excepted capability. A violation of subsection (a) or (b) shall be treated as an unfair or deceptive act or practice proscribed by section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U. 57a(a)(1)(B)). (d) Disclosure to Law Enforcement or Under Court Order. A court that issues an order described in paragraph (1) shall impose appropriate safeguards on the use of the information to protect against its unauthorized disclosure. A court issuing an order pursuant to this paragraph, on a motion made promptly by the computer software provider may quash or modify such order if the information or records requested are unreasonably voluminous in nature or if compliance with such order otherwise would cause an unreasonable burden on the provider. A person may, if otherwise permitted by the laws or rules of court of a State, bring in an appropriate Federal court, if such laws or rules prohibit such actions, either or both of the actions as follows: (A) An action based on a violation of subsection (a) or (b) to enjoin such violation. If the court in an action under paragraph (1) finds that the defendant willfully, knowingly, or repeatedly violated subsection (a) or (b), the court may, in its discretion, increase the amount of the award under paragraph (1)(B) to an amount not greater than three times the amount available under paragraph (1)(B)(ii). In any action under paragraph (1), the court may, in its discretion, require an undertaking for the payment of the costs of such action and assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorney fees, against the defendant. (A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term computer software means any program designed to cause a computer to perform a desired function or functions. (B) The term does not include a text file, or cookie, placed on a person's computer system by an Internet service provider, interactive computer service, or commercial Internet website to return information to the Internet service provider, interactive computer service, commercial Internet website, or third party if the person subsequently uses the Internet service provider or interactive computer service, or accesses the commercial Internet website. (H) Any other unique information identifying an individual that a computer software provider, Internet service provider, interactive computer service, or operator of a commercial Internet website collects and combines with information described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of this paragraph. (g) Effective Date.