SECTION 1. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF PRIVACY OFFICIAL WITHIN EACH COMPONENT OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. PRIVACY OFFICIALS. Each such component privacy official shall have primary responsibility for its component in implementing the privacy policy for the Department established by the senior official appointed under section 222. The components of the Department referred to in this subparagraph are as follows: (A) The Transportation Security Administration. (B) The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services. (G) The Directorate of Science and Technology. (4) Identify privacy issues related to component programs and apply appropriate privacy policies in accordance with Federal privacy law and Departmental policies developed to ensure that the component protects the privacy of individuals affected by its activities. (5) Monitor the component's compliance with all applicable Federal privacy laws and regulations, implement corrective, remedial, and preventive actions and notify the senior official appointed under section 222 of privacy issues or noncompliance, whenever necessary. (8) Assist in drafting and reviewing privacy impact assessments, privacy threshold assessments, and system of records notices in conjunction with and under the direction of the senior official appointed under section 222, for proposed rulemakings and regulations within the component. (11) Provide the senior official appointed under section 222 with written materials and information regarding the relevant activities of the component, including privacy violations and abuse, that are needed by the senior official to successfully prepare the reports the senior official submits to Congress and prepares on behalf of the Department. (12) Any other responsibilities assigned by the Secretary or the senior official appointed under section 222. (b) Clerical Amendment.SECTION 1. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF PRIVACY OFFICIAL WITHIN EACH COMPONENT OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. PRIVACY OFFICIALS. Each such component privacy official shall have primary responsibility for its component in implementing the privacy policy for the Department established by the senior official appointed under section 222. The components of the Department referred to in this subparagraph are as follows: (A) The Transportation Security Administration. (B) The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services. (G) The Directorate of Science and Technology. (4) Identify privacy issues related to component programs and apply appropriate privacy policies in accordance with Federal privacy law and Departmental policies developed to ensure that the component protects the privacy of individuals affected by its activities. (5) Monitor the component's compliance with all applicable Federal privacy laws and regulations, implement corrective, remedial, and preventive actions and notify the senior official appointed under section 222 of privacy issues or noncompliance, whenever necessary. (8) Assist in drafting and reviewing privacy impact assessments, privacy threshold assessments, and system of records notices in conjunction with and under the direction of the senior official appointed under section 222, for proposed rulemakings and regulations within the component. (11) Provide the senior official appointed under section 222 with written materials and information regarding the relevant activities of the component, including privacy violations and abuse, that are needed by the senior official to successfully prepare the reports the senior official submits to Congress and prepares on behalf of the Department. (12) Any other responsibilities assigned by the Secretary or the senior official appointed under section 222. (b) Clerical Amendment.SECTION 1. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF PRIVACY OFFICIAL WITHIN EACH COMPONENT OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. PRIVACY OFFICIALS. Each such component privacy official shall have primary responsibility for its component in implementing the privacy policy for the Department established by the senior official appointed under section 222. The components of the Department referred to in this subparagraph are as follows: (A) The Transportation Security Administration. (B) The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services. (G) The Directorate of Science and Technology. (4) Identify privacy issues related to component programs and apply appropriate privacy policies in accordance with Federal privacy law and Departmental policies developed to ensure that the component protects the privacy of individuals affected by its activities. (5) Monitor the component's compliance with all applicable Federal privacy laws and regulations, implement corrective, remedial, and preventive actions and notify the senior official appointed under section 222 of privacy issues or noncompliance, whenever necessary. (8) Assist in drafting and reviewing privacy impact assessments, privacy threshold assessments, and system of records notices in conjunction with and under the direction of the senior official appointed under section 222, for proposed rulemakings and regulations within the component. (11) Provide the senior official appointed under section 222 with written materials and information regarding the relevant activities of the component, including privacy violations and abuse, that are needed by the senior official to successfully prepare the reports the senior official submits to Congress and prepares on behalf of the Department. (12) Any other responsibilities assigned by the Secretary or the senior official appointed under section 222. (b) Clerical Amendment.