2. (1) Submittal required. As soon as is practicable, but not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress an updated National Intelligence Estimate on Iran. Consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, an unclassified summary of the key judgments of the National Intelligence Estimate should be submitted. (C) The military and defense capabilities of Iran, including any nonnuclear weapons of mass destruction programs and related delivery systems. (D) The relationship of Iran with terrorist organizations, the use by Iran of terrorist organizations in furtherance of its foreign policy objectives, and the factors that might cause Iran to reduce or end such relationships. (F) The anticipated reaction of Iran to the courses of action set forth under subparagraph (E), including an identification of the course or courses of action most likely to successfully influence Iran in terminating or moderating its policies of concern. (H) The views among the populace and elites of Iran with respect to the United States, including views on direct discussions with or normalization of relations with the United States. (K) The confidence level of key judgments in the National Intelligence Estimate, the quality of the sources of intelligence on Iran, the nature and scope of any gaps in intelligence on Iran, and any significant alternative views on the matters contained in the National Intelligence Estimate. (B) The strategy for achieving such objectives. (c) Director of National Intelligence Report on Process for Vetting and Clearing Administration Officials' Statements Drawn From Intelligence. As soon as is practicable, but not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress a report on the process for vetting and clearing statements of Administration officials that are drawn from or rely upon intelligence. The report shall (A) describe current policies and practices of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the intelligence community for (i) vetting and clearing statements of senior Administration officials that are drawn from or rely upon intelligence; and (ii) how significant misstatements of intelligence that may occur in public statements of senior public officials are identified, brought to the attention of any such officials, and corrected; (B) assess the sufficiency and adequacy of such policies and practices; and (C) include any recommendations that the Director considers appropriate to improve such policies and practices.2. (1) Submittal required. As soon as is practicable, but not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress an updated National Intelligence Estimate on Iran. Consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, an unclassified summary of the key judgments of the National Intelligence Estimate should be submitted. (C) The military and defense capabilities of Iran, including any nonnuclear weapons of mass destruction programs and related delivery systems. (D) The relationship of Iran with terrorist organizations, the use by Iran of terrorist organizations in furtherance of its foreign policy objectives, and the factors that might cause Iran to reduce or end such relationships. (F) The anticipated reaction of Iran to the courses of action set forth under subparagraph (E), including an identification of the course or courses of action most likely to successfully influence Iran in terminating or moderating its policies of concern. (H) The views among the populace and elites of Iran with respect to the United States, including views on direct discussions with or normalization of relations with the United States. (K) The confidence level of key judgments in the National Intelligence Estimate, the quality of the sources of intelligence on Iran, the nature and scope of any gaps in intelligence on Iran, and any significant alternative views on the matters contained in the National Intelligence Estimate. (B) The strategy for achieving such objectives. (c) Director of National Intelligence Report on Process for Vetting and Clearing Administration Officials' Statements Drawn From Intelligence. As soon as is practicable, but not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress a report on the process for vetting and clearing statements of Administration officials that are drawn from or rely upon intelligence. The report shall (A) describe current policies and practices of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the intelligence community for (i) vetting and clearing statements of senior Administration officials that are drawn from or rely upon intelligence; and (ii) how significant misstatements of intelligence that may occur in public statements of senior public officials are identified, brought to the attention of any such officials, and corrected; (B) assess the sufficiency and adequacy of such policies and practices; and (C) include any recommendations that the Director considers appropriate to improve such policies and practices.2. (1) Submittal required. As soon as is practicable, but not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress an updated National Intelligence Estimate on Iran. Consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, an unclassified summary of the key judgments of the National Intelligence Estimate should be submitted. (C) The military and defense capabilities of Iran, including any nonnuclear weapons of mass destruction programs and related delivery systems. (D) The relationship of Iran with terrorist organizations, the use by Iran of terrorist organizations in furtherance of its foreign policy objectives, and the factors that might cause Iran to reduce or end such relationships. (F) The anticipated reaction of Iran to the courses of action set forth under subparagraph (E), including an identification of the course or courses of action most likely to successfully influence Iran in terminating or moderating its policies of concern. (H) The views among the populace and elites of Iran with respect to the United States, including views on direct discussions with or normalization of relations with the United States. (K) The confidence level of key judgments in the National Intelligence Estimate, the quality of the sources of intelligence on Iran, the nature and scope of any gaps in intelligence on Iran, and any significant alternative views on the matters contained in the National Intelligence Estimate. (B) The strategy for achieving such objectives. (c) Director of National Intelligence Report on Process for Vetting and Clearing Administration Officials' Statements Drawn From Intelligence. As soon as is practicable, but not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress a report on the process for vetting and clearing statements of Administration officials that are drawn from or rely upon intelligence. The report shall (A) describe current policies and practices of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the intelligence community for (i) vetting and clearing statements of senior Administration officials that are drawn from or rely upon intelligence; and (ii) how significant misstatements of intelligence that may occur in public statements of senior public officials are identified, brought to the attention of any such officials, and corrected; (B) assess the sufficiency and adequacy of such policies and practices; and (C) include any recommendations that the Director considers appropriate to improve such policies and practices.