2. The Secretary shall carry out this section, including the establishment of regulations under subsection (d), in consultation with the board of directors of the nonprofit private entity that receives the contract under subsection (e) (relating to the operation of the sanctuary system). (d) Standards for Permanent Retirement of Surplus Chimpanzees. (1) In general. In establishing the standards, the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the National Research Council applicable to surplus chimpanzees that are made in the report published in 1997 and entitled `Chimpanzees in ResearchStrategies for Their Ethical Care, Management, and Use'. (H) A requirement that chimpanzees posing such a threat be contained in accordance with applicable recommendations of the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (I) A prohibition that the chimpanzees may not be discharged from the system. Any fees collected under this subparagraph are available to the Secretary for the costs of operating the system. (1) In general. (B) The terms of service for members of such board are in accordance with paragraph (3). (D) The entity has an executive director meeting such requirements as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (ii) Such members include individuals with expertise and experience in the science of managing captive chimpanzees (including primate veterinary care), appointed from among individuals endorsed by organizations that represent individuals in such field. (viii) Such members include an additional member who serves as the chair of the board, appointed from among individuals who have been endorsed for purposes of clause (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v). (iii) After the initial terms under clause (ii) expire, each member of the board (other than the chair) is appointed to serve a term of two years. (iv) An individual whose term of service expires may be reappointed to the board. (B) For expenses associated with operating the sanctuary system (as determined by the Secretary), 50 percent of such costs ($1 for each $1 of Federal funds provided under such contract). If the Secretary determines that an entity meeting the requirements of paragraph (2) does not exist, the Secretary may for purposes of paragraph (1) make a grant for the establishment of such an entity, including paying the cost of incorporating the entity under the law of one of the States. The purposes for which funds reserved under the preceding sentence may be expended include the construction and renovation of facilities for the sanctuary system, subject to section 496(b). Funds may not be reserved for a fiscal year under paragraph (1) unless the amount appropriated under this Act for such year equals or exceeds the amount appropriated under this Act for fiscal year 1998. With respect to chimpanzees that have been used, or were bred or purchased for use, in research conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, or other agencies of the Federal Government, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the Congress a report providing the following information: (1) The number of such chimpanzees in the United States, whether owned or held by the Federal Government, any of the States, or private entities. (3) An accounting for fiscal years 1997 and 1998 of all fees paid and funds provided by nonFederal entities pursuant to requirements described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2).2. The Secretary shall carry out this section, including the establishment of regulations under subsection (d), in consultation with the board of directors of the nonprofit private entity that receives the contract under subsection (e) (relating to the operation of the sanctuary system). (d) Standards for Permanent Retirement of Surplus Chimpanzees. (1) In general. In establishing the standards, the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the National Research Council applicable to surplus chimpanzees that are made in the report published in 1997 and entitled `Chimpanzees in ResearchStrategies for Their Ethical Care, Management, and Use'. (H) A requirement that chimpanzees posing such a threat be contained in accordance with applicable recommendations of the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (I) A prohibition that the chimpanzees may not be discharged from the system. Any fees collected under this subparagraph are available to the Secretary for the costs of operating the system. (1) In general. (B) The terms of service for members of such board are in accordance with paragraph (3). (D) The entity has an executive director meeting such requirements as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (ii) Such members include individuals with expertise and experience in the science of managing captive chimpanzees (including primate veterinary care), appointed from among individuals endorsed by organizations that represent individuals in such field. (viii) Such members include an additional member who serves as the chair of the board, appointed from among individuals who have been endorsed for purposes of clause (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v). (iii) After the initial terms under clause (ii) expire, each member of the board (other than the chair) is appointed to serve a term of two years. (iv) An individual whose term of service expires may be reappointed to the board. (B) For expenses associated with operating the sanctuary system (as determined by the Secretary), 50 percent of such costs ($1 for each $1 of Federal funds provided under such contract). If the Secretary determines that an entity meeting the requirements of paragraph (2) does not exist, the Secretary may for purposes of paragraph (1) make a grant for the establishment of such an entity, including paying the cost of incorporating the entity under the law of one of the States. The purposes for which funds reserved under the preceding sentence may be expended include the construction and renovation of facilities for the sanctuary system, subject to section 496(b). Funds may not be reserved for a fiscal year under paragraph (1) unless the amount appropriated under this Act for such year equals or exceeds the amount appropriated under this Act for fiscal year 1998. With respect to chimpanzees that have been used, or were bred or purchased for use, in research conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, or other agencies of the Federal Government, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the Congress a report providing the following information: (1) The number of such chimpanzees in the United States, whether owned or held by the Federal Government, any of the States, or private entities. (3) An accounting for fiscal years 1997 and 1998 of all fees paid and funds provided by nonFederal entities pursuant to requirements described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2).2. The Secretary shall carry out this section, including the establishment of regulations under subsection (d), in consultation with the board of directors of the nonprofit private entity that receives the contract under subsection (e) (relating to the operation of the sanctuary system). (d) Standards for Permanent Retirement of Surplus Chimpanzees. (1) In general. In establishing the standards, the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the National Research Council applicable to surplus chimpanzees that are made in the report published in 1997 and entitled `Chimpanzees in ResearchStrategies for Their Ethical Care, Management, and Use'. (H) A requirement that chimpanzees posing such a threat be contained in accordance with applicable recommendations of the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (I) A prohibition that the chimpanzees may not be discharged from the system. Any fees collected under this subparagraph are available to the Secretary for the costs of operating the system. (1) In general. (B) The terms of service for members of such board are in accordance with paragraph (3). (D) The entity has an executive director meeting such requirements as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (ii) Such members include individuals with expertise and experience in the science of managing captive chimpanzees (including primate veterinary care), appointed from among individuals endorsed by organizations that represent individuals in such field. (viii) Such members include an additional member who serves as the chair of the board, appointed from among individuals who have been endorsed for purposes of clause (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v). (iii) After the initial terms under clause (ii) expire, each member of the board (other than the chair) is appointed to serve a term of two years. (iv) An individual whose term of service expires may be reappointed to the board. (B) For expenses associated with operating the sanctuary system (as determined by the Secretary), 50 percent of such costs ($1 for each $1 of Federal funds provided under such contract). If the Secretary determines that an entity meeting the requirements of paragraph (2) does not exist, the Secretary may for purposes of paragraph (1) make a grant for the establishment of such an entity, including paying the cost of incorporating the entity under the law of one of the States. The purposes for which funds reserved under the preceding sentence may be expended include the construction and renovation of facilities for the sanctuary system, subject to section 496(b). Funds may not be reserved for a fiscal year under paragraph (1) unless the amount appropriated under this Act for such year equals or exceeds the amount appropriated under this Act for fiscal year 1998. With respect to chimpanzees that have been used, or were bred or purchased for use, in research conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, or other agencies of the Federal Government, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the Congress a report providing the following information: (1) The number of such chimpanzees in the United States, whether owned or held by the Federal Government, any of the States, or private entities. (3) An accounting for fiscal years 1997 and 1998 of all fees paid and funds provided by nonFederal entities pursuant to requirements described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2).