SECTION 1. INTERESTBEARING TRANSACTION ACCOUNTS AUTHORIZED. (1) Federal reserve act. C. 1464(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking savings association may not and all that follows through (ii) permit any and inserting savings association may not permit any. (b) Effective Date. Paragraph (2) shall not apply to any depository institution which is prohibited by the applicable law of its chartering State from offering demand deposits and either (A) does not engage in any lending activities; or (B) is not an affiliate of any company or companies with assets that, in the aggregate, represent more than 10 percent of the total assets of the depository institution. ; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any depository institution may permit the owner of any deposit or account which is a deposit or account on which interest or dividends are paid and is not a deposit or account described in subsection (a)(2) to make up to 24 transfers per month (or such greater number as the Board may determine by rule or order), for any purpose, to another account of the owner in the same institution. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prevent an account offered pursuant to this subsection from being considered a transaction account (as defined in section 19(b) of the Federal Reserve Act for purposes of such Act). The Board may prescribe regulations concerning (i) the payment of earnings in accordance with this paragraph; (ii) the distribution of such earnings to the depository institutions which maintain balances at such banks or on whose behalf such balances are maintained; and (iii) the responsibilities of depository institutions, Federal home loan banks, and the National Credit Union Administration Central Liquidity Facility with respect to the crediting and distribution of earnings attributable to balances maintained, in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(B), in a Federal reserve bank by any such entity on behalf of depository institutions. (1) Annual survey required. (B) Negotiable order of withdrawal and savings accounts. (iii) Check processing fees. (ix) Overdraft fees. (x) Deposit items returned fees. (vii) Fees imposed for using a teller or other institution employee. (iii) Fees charged to customers for withdrawals, deposits, transfers between accounts, balance inquiries through institutionowned machines. (v) Fees charged to noncustomers for withdrawals, deposits, transfers between accounts, balance inquiries through institutionowned machines. (vi) Pointofsale transaction fees. (D) Other electronic transactions. Data on other electronic transactions shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i) Wire transfer fees. (ii) Annual and monthly fees. (v) Average annual finance charges paid by customers. (C) Submission to congress. For purposes of this subsection, the terms `insured depository institution' and `insured credit union' mean any depository institution (as defined in subsection (b)(1)(A)) the deposits or shares in which are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Federal Credit Union Act. (d) Technical and Conforming Amendments. 461(b)(4)), by striking subparagraph (C) and redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(A) (12 U. 289(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Additional transfers to cover interest payments for fiscal years 2002 through 2006. During fiscal years 2002 through 2006, any amount in the surplus fund of any Federal reserve bank in excess of the amount equal to 3 percent of the paidin capital and surplus of the member banks of such bank shall be transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury.SECTION 1. INTERESTBEARING TRANSACTION ACCOUNTS AUTHORIZED. (1) Federal reserve act. C. 1464(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking savings association may not and all that follows through (ii) permit any and inserting savings association may not permit any. (b) Effective Date. Paragraph (2) shall not apply to any depository institution which is prohibited by the applicable law of its chartering State from offering demand deposits and either (A) does not engage in any lending activities; or (B) is not an affiliate of any company or companies with assets that, in the aggregate, represent more than 10 percent of the total assets of the depository institution. ; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any depository institution may permit the owner of any deposit or account which is a deposit or account on which interest or dividends are paid and is not a deposit or account described in subsection (a)(2) to make up to 24 transfers per month (or such greater number as the Board may determine by rule or order), for any purpose, to another account of the owner in the same institution. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prevent an account offered pursuant to this subsection from being considered a transaction account (as defined in section 19(b) of the Federal Reserve Act for purposes of such Act). The Board may prescribe regulations concerning (i) the payment of earnings in accordance with this paragraph; (ii) the distribution of such earnings to the depository institutions which maintain balances at such banks or on whose behalf such balances are maintained; and (iii) the responsibilities of depository institutions, Federal home loan banks, and the National Credit Union Administration Central Liquidity Facility with respect to the crediting and distribution of earnings attributable to balances maintained, in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(B), in a Federal reserve bank by any such entity on behalf of depository institutions. (1) Annual survey required. (B) Negotiable order of withdrawal and savings accounts. (iii) Check processing fees. (ix) Overdraft fees. (x) Deposit items returned fees. (vii) Fees imposed for using a teller or other institution employee. (iii) Fees charged to customers for withdrawals, deposits, transfers between accounts, balance inquiries through institutionowned machines. (v) Fees charged to noncustomers for withdrawals, deposits, transfers between accounts, balance inquiries through institutionowned machines. (vi) Pointofsale transaction fees. (D) Other electronic transactions. Data on other electronic transactions shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i) Wire transfer fees. (ii) Annual and monthly fees. (v) Average annual finance charges paid by customers. (C) Submission to congress. For purposes of this subsection, the terms `insured depository institution' and `insured credit union' mean any depository institution (as defined in subsection (b)(1)(A)) the deposits or shares in which are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Federal Credit Union Act. (d) Technical and Conforming Amendments. 461(b)(4)), by striking subparagraph (C) and redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(A) (12 U. 289(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Additional transfers to cover interest payments for fiscal years 2002 through 2006. During fiscal years 2002 through 2006, any amount in the surplus fund of any Federal reserve bank in excess of the amount equal to 3 percent of the paidin capital and surplus of the member banks of such bank shall be transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury.SECTION 1. INTERESTBEARING TRANSACTION ACCOUNTS AUTHORIZED. (1) Federal reserve act. C. 1464(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking savings association may not and all that follows through (ii) permit any and inserting savings association may not permit any. (b) Effective Date. Paragraph (2) shall not apply to any depository institution which is prohibited by the applicable law of its chartering State from offering demand deposits and either (A) does not engage in any lending activities; or (B) is not an affiliate of any company or companies with assets that, in the aggregate, represent more than 10 percent of the total assets of the depository institution. ; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any depository institution may permit the owner of any deposit or account which is a deposit or account on which interest or dividends are paid and is not a deposit or account described in subsection (a)(2) to make up to 24 transfers per month (or such greater number as the Board may determine by rule or order), for any purpose, to another account of the owner in the same institution. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prevent an account offered pursuant to this subsection from being considered a transaction account (as defined in section 19(b) of the Federal Reserve Act for purposes of such Act). The Board may prescribe regulations concerning (i) the payment of earnings in accordance with this paragraph; (ii) the distribution of such earnings to the depository institutions which maintain balances at such banks or on whose behalf such balances are maintained; and (iii) the responsibilities of depository institutions, Federal home loan banks, and the National Credit Union Administration Central Liquidity Facility with respect to the crediting and distribution of earnings attributable to balances maintained, in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(B), in a Federal reserve bank by any such entity on behalf of depository institutions. (1) Annual survey required. (B) Negotiable order of withdrawal and savings accounts. (iii) Check processing fees. (ix) Overdraft fees. (x) Deposit items returned fees. (vii) Fees imposed for using a teller or other institution employee. (iii) Fees charged to customers for withdrawals, deposits, transfers between accounts, balance inquiries through institutionowned machines. (v) Fees charged to noncustomers for withdrawals, deposits, transfers between accounts, balance inquiries through institutionowned machines. (vi) Pointofsale transaction fees. (D) Other electronic transactions. Data on other electronic transactions shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i) Wire transfer fees. (ii) Annual and monthly fees. (v) Average annual finance charges paid by customers. (C) Submission to congress. For purposes of this subsection, the terms `insured depository institution' and `insured credit union' mean any depository institution (as defined in subsection (b)(1)(A)) the deposits or shares in which are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Federal Credit Union Act. (d) Technical and Conforming Amendments. 461(b)(4)), by striking subparagraph (C) and redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(A) (12 U. 289(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Additional transfers to cover interest payments for fiscal years 2002 through 2006. During fiscal years 2002 through 2006, any amount in the surplus fund of any Federal reserve bank in excess of the amount equal to 3 percent of the paidin capital and surplus of the member banks of such bank shall be transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury.