SECTION 1. (1) In the case of a member of the armed forces with a combatrelated disability who is entitled to monthly retired pay computed using a formula specified in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall permit the member to elect to have used in that formula, in lieu of the retired pay base of the member computed under section 1406(b) or 1407 of this title, a retired pay base equal to $2,917, which represents the average monthly salary for high school graduates in the United States, as determined by the Census Bureau for 2006. (2) The alternative retired pay base in effect under paragraph (1) for a calendar year shall be adjusted on December 1 of that year in the manner provided by section 1401a(b) of this title for use during the next calendar year. The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to members of the Armed Forces who retired or whose names were placed on the temporary disability retired list after September 11, 2001, except that any recomputation of the retired pay for a member on account of such amendments who retired or whose name was placed on the temporary disability retired list before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be effective only for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 2. ALTERNATIVE WARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION RATES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS. (2) For purposes of this subsection, the term `covered service connected disability' means a serviceconnected disability that (A) is attributable to an injury for which the veteran was awarded the Purple Heart; or (B) was incurred (as determined under criteria prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of section 1413a of title 10) as a direct result of armed conflict. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to veterans who became eligible to receive compensation under section 1110 of title 38, United States Code, after September 11, 2001, except that any recomputation of disability compensation for a veteran on account of such an amendment who so became eligible before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be effective only for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. (1) In the case of a member of the armed forces with a combatrelated disability who is entitled to monthly retired pay computed using a formula specified in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall permit the member to elect to have used in that formula, in lieu of the retired pay base of the member computed under section 1406(b) or 1407 of this title, a retired pay base equal to $2,917, which represents the average monthly salary for high school graduates in the United States, as determined by the Census Bureau for 2006. (2) The alternative retired pay base in effect under paragraph (1) for a calendar year shall be adjusted on December 1 of that year in the manner provided by section 1401a(b) of this title for use during the next calendar year. The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to members of the Armed Forces who retired or whose names were placed on the temporary disability retired list after September 11, 2001, except that any recomputation of the retired pay for a member on account of such amendments who retired or whose name was placed on the temporary disability retired list before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be effective only for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 2. ALTERNATIVE WARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION RATES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS. (2) For purposes of this subsection, the term `covered service connected disability' means a serviceconnected disability that (A) is attributable to an injury for which the veteran was awarded the Purple Heart; or (B) was incurred (as determined under criteria prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of section 1413a of title 10) as a direct result of armed conflict. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to veterans who became eligible to receive compensation under section 1110 of title 38, United States Code, after September 11, 2001, except that any recomputation of disability compensation for a veteran on account of such an amendment who so became eligible before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be effective only for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. (1) In the case of a member of the armed forces with a combatrelated disability who is entitled to monthly retired pay computed using a formula specified in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall permit the member to elect to have used in that formula, in lieu of the retired pay base of the member computed under section 1406(b) or 1407 of this title, a retired pay base equal to $2,917, which represents the average monthly salary for high school graduates in the United States, as determined by the Census Bureau for 2006. (2) The alternative retired pay base in effect under paragraph (1) for a calendar year shall be adjusted on December 1 of that year in the manner provided by section 1401a(b) of this title for use during the next calendar year. The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to members of the Armed Forces who retired or whose names were placed on the temporary disability retired list after September 11, 2001, except that any recomputation of the retired pay for a member on account of such amendments who retired or whose name was placed on the temporary disability retired list before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be effective only for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 2. ALTERNATIVE WARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION RATES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS. (2) For purposes of this subsection, the term `covered service connected disability' means a serviceconnected disability that (A) is attributable to an injury for which the veteran was awarded the Purple Heart; or (B) was incurred (as determined under criteria prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of section 1413a of title 10) as a direct result of armed conflict. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to veterans who became eligible to receive compensation under section 1110 of title 38, United States Code, after September 11, 2001, except that any recomputation of disability compensation for a veteran on account of such an amendment who so became eligible before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be effective only for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.