SECTION 1. SEC. 2. 781. GRANT PROGRAM FOR SUPPORT OF VETERANS AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. (a) Grants Authorized. Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to institutions of higher education to enable the institutions of higher education to establish programs that support veterans who are students at such institutions by providing and coordinating services that address the academic, financial, physical, and social needs of such veterans. An institution of higher education seeking a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. In determining whether to approve or disapprove an application, the Secretary shall consider the following: (A) The number of veterans enrolled as students at the institution of higher education. (B) The needs of such veterans at such institution. (D) The equitable distribution of grants under this section among various types and sizes of institutions of higher education. Each program established under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Establishing a Center of Excellence for Veteran Student Success on the campus of the institution of higher education that provides a single point of contact to coordinate comprehensive support services for veterans who are students, including the following: (i) Admissions. (ii) Registration. (iii) Financial aid. (vi) Student health. (H) Coordination of academic advising and admissions counseling with military bases and National Guard and Reserve units in the area. The Secretary shall develop an evaluation and accountability plan for programs established under subsection (c)(1) to measure the impact of such programs, including an objective measure of whether the rates of enrollment, persistence, and completion of programs of education at institutions of higher education by veterans increase as a result of such programs.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. 781. GRANT PROGRAM FOR SUPPORT OF VETERANS AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. (a) Grants Authorized. Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to institutions of higher education to enable the institutions of higher education to establish programs that support veterans who are students at such institutions by providing and coordinating services that address the academic, financial, physical, and social needs of such veterans. An institution of higher education seeking a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. In determining whether to approve or disapprove an application, the Secretary shall consider the following: (A) The number of veterans enrolled as students at the institution of higher education. (B) The needs of such veterans at such institution. (D) The equitable distribution of grants under this section among various types and sizes of institutions of higher education. Each program established under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Establishing a Center of Excellence for Veteran Student Success on the campus of the institution of higher education that provides a single point of contact to coordinate comprehensive support services for veterans who are students, including the following: (i) Admissions. (ii) Registration. (iii) Financial aid. (vi) Student health. (H) Coordination of academic advising and admissions counseling with military bases and National Guard and Reserve units in the area. The Secretary shall develop an evaluation and accountability plan for programs established under subsection (c)(1) to measure the impact of such programs, including an objective measure of whether the rates of enrollment, persistence, and completion of programs of education at institutions of higher education by veterans increase as a result of such programs.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. 781. GRANT PROGRAM FOR SUPPORT OF VETERANS AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. (a) Grants Authorized. Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to institutions of higher education to enable the institutions of higher education to establish programs that support veterans who are students at such institutions by providing and coordinating services that address the academic, financial, physical, and social needs of such veterans. An institution of higher education seeking a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. In determining whether to approve or disapprove an application, the Secretary shall consider the following: (A) The number of veterans enrolled as students at the institution of higher education. (B) The needs of such veterans at such institution. (D) The equitable distribution of grants under this section among various types and sizes of institutions of higher education. Each program established under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Establishing a Center of Excellence for Veteran Student Success on the campus of the institution of higher education that provides a single point of contact to coordinate comprehensive support services for veterans who are students, including the following: (i) Admissions. (ii) Registration. (iii) Financial aid. (vi) Student health. (H) Coordination of academic advising and admissions counseling with military bases and National Guard and Reserve units in the area. The Secretary shall develop an evaluation and accountability plan for programs established under subsection (c)(1) to measure the impact of such programs, including an objective measure of whether the rates of enrollment, persistence, and completion of programs of education at institutions of higher education by veterans increase as a result of such programs.