SECTION 1. 2. REQUIRED DISCLOSURES REGARDING LOAN TERMS. The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after section 4 (12 U. S. The Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal lending regulation agencies, shall develop and prescribe standard written forms under subsection (c) for statement of the essential terms of a federally related mortgage loan. The Secretary shall require that (1) the forms developed pursuant to subsection (a) be used in all transactions in the United States that involve federally related mortgage loans; and (2) that in any such a transaction (A) the form under subsection (c)(1) shall be appropriately and accurately completed by the lender or mortgage broker, or both; and (B) the completed form under subsection (c)(1) shall be provided to the borrower, together with the form under subsection (c)(2), not later than three days after the application for the federally related mortgage loan is made. A two page written disclosure that sets forth, in accordance with such requirements as the Secretary shall, by regulation, establish, basic easytounderstand definitions or explanations, of terms relating to residential mortgage loans, including each of the following terms: appraised value, types of loans, initial interest rate, fully indexed rate of interest, maximum possible rate of interest, monthly household income, monthly loan payment including taxes and insurance, fully indexed housing expense ratio, prepayment fee, balloon payment, payment option loan, points, closing costs, settlement services, settlement charges, lender's fees, and mortgage broker. Notwithstanding disclosure pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A) of best possible estimates of the information required under such subsection with respect to a federally related mortgage loan, the amounts to be provided by the lender or mortgage broker, or both, under the loan shall be subject to final underwriting of the loan.SECTION 1. 2. REQUIRED DISCLOSURES REGARDING LOAN TERMS. The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after section 4 (12 U. S. The Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal lending regulation agencies, shall develop and prescribe standard written forms under subsection (c) for statement of the essential terms of a federally related mortgage loan. The Secretary shall require that (1) the forms developed pursuant to subsection (a) be used in all transactions in the United States that involve federally related mortgage loans; and (2) that in any such a transaction (A) the form under subsection (c)(1) shall be appropriately and accurately completed by the lender or mortgage broker, or both; and (B) the completed form under subsection (c)(1) shall be provided to the borrower, together with the form under subsection (c)(2), not later than three days after the application for the federally related mortgage loan is made. A two page written disclosure that sets forth, in accordance with such requirements as the Secretary shall, by regulation, establish, basic easytounderstand definitions or explanations, of terms relating to residential mortgage loans, including each of the following terms: appraised value, types of loans, initial interest rate, fully indexed rate of interest, maximum possible rate of interest, monthly household income, monthly loan payment including taxes and insurance, fully indexed housing expense ratio, prepayment fee, balloon payment, payment option loan, points, closing costs, settlement services, settlement charges, lender's fees, and mortgage broker. Notwithstanding disclosure pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A) of best possible estimates of the information required under such subsection with respect to a federally related mortgage loan, the amounts to be provided by the lender or mortgage broker, or both, under the loan shall be subject to final underwriting of the loan.SECTION 1. 2. REQUIRED DISCLOSURES REGARDING LOAN TERMS. The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after section 4 (12 U. S. The Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal lending regulation agencies, shall develop and prescribe standard written forms under subsection (c) for statement of the essential terms of a federally related mortgage loan. The Secretary shall require that (1) the forms developed pursuant to subsection (a) be used in all transactions in the United States that involve federally related mortgage loans; and (2) that in any such a transaction (A) the form under subsection (c)(1) shall be appropriately and accurately completed by the lender or mortgage broker, or both; and (B) the completed form under subsection (c)(1) shall be provided to the borrower, together with the form under subsection (c)(2), not later than three days after the application for the federally related mortgage loan is made. A two page written disclosure that sets forth, in accordance with such requirements as the Secretary shall, by regulation, establish, basic easytounderstand definitions or explanations, of terms relating to residential mortgage loans, including each of the following terms: appraised value, types of loans, initial interest rate, fully indexed rate of interest, maximum possible rate of interest, monthly household income, monthly loan payment including taxes and insurance, fully indexed housing expense ratio, prepayment fee, balloon payment, payment option loan, points, closing costs, settlement services, settlement charges, lender's fees, and mortgage broker. Notwithstanding disclosure pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A) of best possible estimates of the information required under such subsection with respect to a federally related mortgage loan, the amounts to be provided by the lender or mortgage broker, or both, under the loan shall be subject to final underwriting of the loan.