SECTION 1. REPEAL OF PAY REDUCTION AND ELECTION NOT TO ENROLL IN BASIC EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. (2) Section 3012(d) of that title is amended (A) by striking paragraph (1); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (2) Sections 3018A and 3018B of that title are each amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Notwithstanding subsection (b), no reduction in the pay of an individual under this section shall be made for months beginning on or after the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of the Montgomery GI Bill Improvements Act of 2001. (d) Effective Date. Any reduction in the basic pay of an individual referred to in subsection (b) of section 3011 of title 38, United States Code, by reason of such subsection, or of any individual referred to in subsection (c) of section 3012 of such title by reason of such subsection, shall cease commencing with months beginning on or after the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and any obligation of such individual under such subsection (b) or (c), as the case may be, as of that date shall be deemed to be fully satisfied as of the date of the commencement of the first such month. SEC. TRANSFER OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE BY MEMBERS WITH 15 YEARS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE. (a) Transfer of Entitlement. Subchapter II of chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Sec. 3020. (d) An individual transferring entitlement to basic educational assistance under this section shall (1) designate the dependent or dependents to whom such entitlement is being transferred and the percentage of such entitlement to be transferred to each such dependent; and (2) specify the period for which the transfer shall be effective for each dependent designated under paragraph (1). (e)(1) Subject to the time limitation for use of entitlement under section 3031 of this title, an individual may transfer entitlement under this section at any time without regard to whether the individual is a member of the Armed Forces when the transfer is executed. (b) Clerical Amendment. The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3019 the following new item: 3020. Section 16131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (j) In the case of a member of the Selected Reserve entitled to educational assistance under this chapter who, during the period referred to in subsection (a) with respect to the member, is called or ordered to, or retained on, active duty for or in support of a contingency operation, the rate of the educational assistance allowance applicable to the member is as follows: (1) If the member's aggregate period on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation is more than one year but less than two years (A) for each month of fulltime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to the average of the amount otherwise applicable to the person under subsection (b)(1)(A) and the amount applicable to an individual under section 3015(b)(1) of title 38; (B) for each month of threequartertime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to three quarters of the amount determined under subparagraph (A); (C) for each month of halftime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to threequarters of the amount determined under subparagraph (A); and (D) for each month of less than halftime pursuit of a program of education, an appropriately reduced amount, as determined under regulations prescribed under subsection (b)(1)(D), subject to the limitation specified in that subsection. (2) If the member's aggregate period on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation is more than two years but less than three years, the amount that would be applicable to the member under section 3015(b) of title 38 were the member an individual described by that section. (b) Effect of Active Duty on Entitlement for Basic Assistance for Service in Selected Reserve. (1) Clause (ii) of section 3012(a)(1)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (ii) subject to subsection (b) of this section and beginning within one year after completion of the service on active duty described in clause (i) of this clause (I) serves at least four years of continuous duty in the Selected Reserve during which the individual participates satisfactorily in training as required by the Secretary concerned; or (II) during continuous duty in the Selected Reserve during which the individual participates satisfactorily in training as required by the Secretary concerned, serves on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10) for an aggregate period of not less than one year; or.SECTION 1. REPEAL OF PAY REDUCTION AND ELECTION NOT TO ENROLL IN BASIC EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. (2) Section 3012(d) of that title is amended (A) by striking paragraph (1); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (2) Sections 3018A and 3018B of that title are each amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Notwithstanding subsection (b), no reduction in the pay of an individual under this section shall be made for months beginning on or after the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of the Montgomery GI Bill Improvements Act of 2001. (d) Effective Date. Any reduction in the basic pay of an individual referred to in subsection (b) of section 3011 of title 38, United States Code, by reason of such subsection, or of any individual referred to in subsection (c) of section 3012 of such title by reason of such subsection, shall cease commencing with months beginning on or after the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and any obligation of such individual under such subsection (b) or (c), as the case may be, as of that date shall be deemed to be fully satisfied as of the date of the commencement of the first such month. SEC. TRANSFER OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE BY MEMBERS WITH 15 YEARS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE. (a) Transfer of Entitlement. Subchapter II of chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Sec. 3020. (d) An individual transferring entitlement to basic educational assistance under this section shall (1) designate the dependent or dependents to whom such entitlement is being transferred and the percentage of such entitlement to be transferred to each such dependent; and (2) specify the period for which the transfer shall be effective for each dependent designated under paragraph (1). (e)(1) Subject to the time limitation for use of entitlement under section 3031 of this title, an individual may transfer entitlement under this section at any time without regard to whether the individual is a member of the Armed Forces when the transfer is executed. (b) Clerical Amendment. The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3019 the following new item: 3020. Section 16131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (j) In the case of a member of the Selected Reserve entitled to educational assistance under this chapter who, during the period referred to in subsection (a) with respect to the member, is called or ordered to, or retained on, active duty for or in support of a contingency operation, the rate of the educational assistance allowance applicable to the member is as follows: (1) If the member's aggregate period on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation is more than one year but less than two years (A) for each month of fulltime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to the average of the amount otherwise applicable to the person under subsection (b)(1)(A) and the amount applicable to an individual under section 3015(b)(1) of title 38; (B) for each month of threequartertime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to three quarters of the amount determined under subparagraph (A); (C) for each month of halftime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to threequarters of the amount determined under subparagraph (A); and (D) for each month of less than halftime pursuit of a program of education, an appropriately reduced amount, as determined under regulations prescribed under subsection (b)(1)(D), subject to the limitation specified in that subsection. (2) If the member's aggregate period on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation is more than two years but less than three years, the amount that would be applicable to the member under section 3015(b) of title 38 were the member an individual described by that section. (b) Effect of Active Duty on Entitlement for Basic Assistance for Service in Selected Reserve. (1) Clause (ii) of section 3012(a)(1)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (ii) subject to subsection (b) of this section and beginning within one year after completion of the service on active duty described in clause (i) of this clause (I) serves at least four years of continuous duty in the Selected Reserve during which the individual participates satisfactorily in training as required by the Secretary concerned; or (II) during continuous duty in the Selected Reserve during which the individual participates satisfactorily in training as required by the Secretary concerned, serves on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10) for an aggregate period of not less than one year; or.SECTION 1. REPEAL OF PAY REDUCTION AND ELECTION NOT TO ENROLL IN BASIC EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. (2) Section 3012(d) of that title is amended (A) by striking paragraph (1); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (2) Sections 3018A and 3018B of that title are each amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Notwithstanding subsection (b), no reduction in the pay of an individual under this section shall be made for months beginning on or after the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of the Montgomery GI Bill Improvements Act of 2001. (d) Effective Date. Any reduction in the basic pay of an individual referred to in subsection (b) of section 3011 of title 38, United States Code, by reason of such subsection, or of any individual referred to in subsection (c) of section 3012 of such title by reason of such subsection, shall cease commencing with months beginning on or after the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and any obligation of such individual under such subsection (b) or (c), as the case may be, as of that date shall be deemed to be fully satisfied as of the date of the commencement of the first such month. SEC. TRANSFER OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE BY MEMBERS WITH 15 YEARS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE. (a) Transfer of Entitlement. Subchapter II of chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Sec. 3020. (d) An individual transferring entitlement to basic educational assistance under this section shall (1) designate the dependent or dependents to whom such entitlement is being transferred and the percentage of such entitlement to be transferred to each such dependent; and (2) specify the period for which the transfer shall be effective for each dependent designated under paragraph (1). (e)(1) Subject to the time limitation for use of entitlement under section 3031 of this title, an individual may transfer entitlement under this section at any time without regard to whether the individual is a member of the Armed Forces when the transfer is executed. (b) Clerical Amendment. The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3019 the following new item: 3020. Section 16131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (j) In the case of a member of the Selected Reserve entitled to educational assistance under this chapter who, during the period referred to in subsection (a) with respect to the member, is called or ordered to, or retained on, active duty for or in support of a contingency operation, the rate of the educational assistance allowance applicable to the member is as follows: (1) If the member's aggregate period on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation is more than one year but less than two years (A) for each month of fulltime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to the average of the amount otherwise applicable to the person under subsection (b)(1)(A) and the amount applicable to an individual under section 3015(b)(1) of title 38; (B) for each month of threequartertime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to three quarters of the amount determined under subparagraph (A); (C) for each month of halftime pursuit of a program of education, an amount equal to threequarters of the amount determined under subparagraph (A); and (D) for each month of less than halftime pursuit of a program of education, an appropriately reduced amount, as determined under regulations prescribed under subsection (b)(1)(D), subject to the limitation specified in that subsection. (2) If the member's aggregate period on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation is more than two years but less than three years, the amount that would be applicable to the member under section 3015(b) of title 38 were the member an individual described by that section. (b) Effect of Active Duty on Entitlement for Basic Assistance for Service in Selected Reserve. (1) Clause (ii) of section 3012(a)(1)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (ii) subject to subsection (b) of this section and beginning within one year after completion of the service on active duty described in clause (i) of this clause (I) serves at least four years of continuous duty in the Selected Reserve during which the individual participates satisfactorily in training as required by the Secretary concerned; or (II) during continuous duty in the Selected Reserve during which the individual participates satisfactorily in training as required by the Secretary concerned, serves on active duty for or in support of a contingency operation (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10) for an aggregate period of not less than one year; or.