SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 3. 4. Positive train control on highhazard flammable trains. Sec. Sec. Section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following: (h) Extension. (1) In general. After transmitting the report under subsection (d), the Secretary may extend the implementation deadline, in 1year increments, upon application, if the Secretary (A) determines that (i) full implementation will likely be infeasible due to circumstances beyond the control of the applicant, including funding availability, spectrum acquisition, resource and technology availability, and interoperability standards; (ii) the applicant has demonstrated good faith in its positive train control implementation; and (iii) the applicant has presented a revised positive train control implementation plan indicating how it will fully implement positive train control as soon as feasible, and not later than December 31, 2018; and (B) has taken into consideration (i) whether the affected areas of track have been identified as areas of greater risk to the public and railroad employees in the applicant's positive train control implementation plan under section 236. 1011(a)(4) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and (ii) the risk of operational failure to the affected service areas and the applicant. SEC. 3. Beginning 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Positive Train Control Safety Act, and annually thereafter until its positive train control system is certified by the Secretary under subsection (h), each Class I railroad carrier, and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation, required to submit a plan under paragraph (1) shall submit a progress report to the Secretary on the status of the plan. Each progress report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include (i) a section describing (I) the total number of positive train control components required; (II) the number of such components that have been installed, equipped, or deployed; (III) the number of components that remain to be installed, equipped, or deployed; and (IV) an estimated completion date for full positive train control system completion; (ii) a section summarizing (I) the number of employees requiring training under section 236. In this paragraph, the term `component' means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit, switches in nonsignal positive train control territory, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a locomotive radio. Not later than 30 days after receiving a progress report under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the report available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administration. 101 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and. COORDINATION OF SPECTRUM. In carrying out this section, the Secretary and the Chairman may consult with external stakeholders. CONFIDENTIAL CLOSE CALL REPORTING SYSTEMS. If a proposed program is not approved, the Secretary shall notify the applicable railroad carrier in writing of the specific areas in which the proposed program is deficient. The applicable railroad carrier shall correct all deficiencies within a reasonable period of time following receipt of written notice from the Secretary. (d) Program Elements. Each applicable railroad carrier shall (1) provide a safe environment for its employees to report unsafe events and conditions; (2) for unsafe events and conditions reported within the scope of a confidential close call reporting system, ensure that its employees are protected from railroad carrier discipline; (3) use information collected through the confidential close call reporting system to develop and implement targeted corrective actions, as appropriate; and (4) use information collected by the system to supplement inspection data in identifying safety issues and emerging risks before they develop into accidents. The Secretary shall consider such views during review of the proposed program under subsection (b)(3)(A). (f) Voluntary Program Establishment. Any railroad carrier that is not an applicable railroad carrier may voluntarily establish a program under this section. The Secretary may use the confidential close call reporting data when (1) implementing or updating the Federal Railroad Administration's National Inspection Plan; (2) performing focused inspections; or (3) developing agency rulemakings and guidance, as appropriate. In this section, the term `applicable railroad carrier' means a railroad carrier that (1) is a Class I railroad; (2) has inadequate safety performance, as determined by the Secretary; or (3) provides intercity rail passenger or commuter rail passenger transportation. (i) Authorization of Appropriations. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary (1) to implement this section; and (2) to support the nationwide implementation of confidential close call reporting system programs, as the Secretary determines appropriate. The table of sections for chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 7(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 20169. When performing a required inspection under subpart F of part 213 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, a railroad carrier providing commuter rail passenger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines (as described in section 213. 233(b)(3) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) shall (1) at least once each 2 weeks (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or (B) inspect each main line on foot; and (2) at least once each month, traverse and inspect each siding by vehicle or by foot. The table of sections for chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by sections 6 and 7, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 20170.SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 3. 4. Positive train control on highhazard flammable trains. Sec. Sec. Section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following: (h) Extension. (1) In general. After transmitting the report under subsection (d), the Secretary may extend the implementation deadline, in 1year increments, upon application, if the Secretary (A) determines that (i) full implementation will likely be infeasible due to circumstances beyond the control of the applicant, including funding availability, spectrum acquisition, resource and technology availability, and interoperability standards; (ii) the applicant has demonstrated good faith in its positive train control implementation; and (iii) the applicant has presented a revised positive train control implementation plan indicating how it will fully implement positive train control as soon as feasible, and not later than December 31, 2018; and (B) has taken into consideration (i) whether the affected areas of track have been identified as areas of greater risk to the public and railroad employees in the applicant's positive train control implementation plan under section 236. 1011(a)(4) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and (ii) the risk of operational failure to the affected service areas and the applicant. SEC. 3. Beginning 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Positive Train Control Safety Act, and annually thereafter until its positive train control system is certified by the Secretary under subsection (h), each Class I railroad carrier, and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation, required to submit a plan under paragraph (1) shall submit a progress report to the Secretary on the status of the plan. Each progress report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include (i) a section describing (I) the total number of positive train control components required; (II) the number of such components that have been installed, equipped, or deployed; (III) the number of components that remain to be installed, equipped, or deployed; and (IV) an estimated completion date for full positive train control system completion; (ii) a section summarizing (I) the number of employees requiring training under section 236. In this paragraph, the term `component' means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit, switches in nonsignal positive train control territory, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a locomotive radio. Not later than 30 days after receiving a progress report under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the report available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administration. 101 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and. COORDINATION OF SPECTRUM. In carrying out this section, the Secretary and the Chairman may consult with external stakeholders. CONFIDENTIAL CLOSE CALL REPORTING SYSTEMS. If a proposed program is not approved, the Secretary shall notify the applicable railroad carrier in writing of the specific areas in which the proposed program is deficient. The applicable railroad carrier shall correct all deficiencies within a reasonable period of time following receipt of written notice from the Secretary. (d) Program Elements. Each applicable railroad carrier shall (1) provide a safe environment for its employees to report unsafe events and conditions; (2) for unsafe events and conditions reported within the scope of a confidential close call reporting system, ensure that its employees are protected from railroad carrier discipline; (3) use information collected through the confidential close call reporting system to develop and implement targeted corrective actions, as appropriate; and (4) use information collected by the system to supplement inspection data in identifying safety issues and emerging risks before they develop into accidents. The Secretary shall consider such views during review of the proposed program under subsection (b)(3)(A). (f) Voluntary Program Establishment. Any railroad carrier that is not an applicable railroad carrier may voluntarily establish a program under this section. The Secretary may use the confidential close call reporting data when (1) implementing or updating the Federal Railroad Administration's National Inspection Plan; (2) performing focused inspections; or (3) developing agency rulemakings and guidance, as appropriate. In this section, the term `applicable railroad carrier' means a railroad carrier that (1) is a Class I railroad; (2) has inadequate safety performance, as determined by the Secretary; or (3) provides intercity rail passenger or commuter rail passenger transportation. (i) Authorization of Appropriations. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary (1) to implement this section; and (2) to support the nationwide implementation of confidential close call reporting system programs, as the Secretary determines appropriate. The table of sections for chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 7(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 20169. When performing a required inspection under subpart F of part 213 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, a railroad carrier providing commuter rail passenger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines (as described in section 213. 233(b)(3) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) shall (1) at least once each 2 weeks (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or (B) inspect each main line on foot; and (2) at least once each month, traverse and inspect each siding by vehicle or by foot. The table of sections for chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by sections 6 and 7, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 20170.SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 3. 4. Positive train control on highhazard flammable trains. Sec. Sec. Section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, is amended (1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following: (h) Extension. (1) In general. After transmitting the report under subsection (d), the Secretary may extend the implementation deadline, in 1year increments, upon application, if the Secretary (A) determines that (i) full implementation will likely be infeasible due to circumstances beyond the control of the applicant, including funding availability, spectrum acquisition, resource and technology availability, and interoperability standards; (ii) the applicant has demonstrated good faith in its positive train control implementation; and (iii) the applicant has presented a revised positive train control implementation plan indicating how it will fully implement positive train control as soon as feasible, and not later than December 31, 2018; and (B) has taken into consideration (i) whether the affected areas of track have been identified as areas of greater risk to the public and railroad employees in the applicant's positive train control implementation plan under section 236. 1011(a)(4) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and (ii) the risk of operational failure to the affected service areas and the applicant. SEC. 3. Beginning 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Positive Train Control Safety Act, and annually thereafter until its positive train control system is certified by the Secretary under subsection (h), each Class I railroad carrier, and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation, required to submit a plan under paragraph (1) shall submit a progress report to the Secretary on the status of the plan. Each progress report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include (i) a section describing (I) the total number of positive train control components required; (II) the number of such components that have been installed, equipped, or deployed; (III) the number of components that remain to be installed, equipped, or deployed; and (IV) an estimated completion date for full positive train control system completion; (ii) a section summarizing (I) the number of employees requiring training under section 236. In this paragraph, the term `component' means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit, switches in nonsignal positive train control territory, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a locomotive radio. Not later than 30 days after receiving a progress report under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the report available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administration. 101 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and. COORDINATION OF SPECTRUM. In carrying out this section, the Secretary and the Chairman may consult with external stakeholders. CONFIDENTIAL CLOSE CALL REPORTING SYSTEMS. If a proposed program is not approved, the Secretary shall notify the applicable railroad carrier in writing of the specific areas in which the proposed program is deficient. The applicable railroad carrier shall correct all deficiencies within a reasonable period of time following receipt of written notice from the Secretary. (d) Program Elements. Each applicable railroad carrier shall (1) provide a safe environment for its employees to report unsafe events and conditions; (2) for unsafe events and conditions reported within the scope of a confidential close call reporting system, ensure that its employees are protected from railroad carrier discipline; (3) use information collected through the confidential close call reporting system to develop and implement targeted corrective actions, as appropriate; and (4) use information collected by the system to supplement inspection data in identifying safety issues and emerging risks before they develop into accidents. The Secretary shall consider such views during review of the proposed program under subsection (b)(3)(A). (f) Voluntary Program Establishment. Any railroad carrier that is not an applicable railroad carrier may voluntarily establish a program under this section. The Secretary may use the confidential close call reporting data when (1) implementing or updating the Federal Railroad Administration's National Inspection Plan; (2) performing focused inspections; or (3) developing agency rulemakings and guidance, as appropriate. In this section, the term `applicable railroad carrier' means a railroad carrier that (1) is a Class I railroad; (2) has inadequate safety performance, as determined by the Secretary; or (3) provides intercity rail passenger or commuter rail passenger transportation. (i) Authorization of Appropriations. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary (1) to implement this section; and (2) to support the nationwide implementation of confidential close call reporting system programs, as the Secretary determines appropriate. The table of sections for chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 7(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 20169. When performing a required inspection under subpart F of part 213 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, a railroad carrier providing commuter rail passenger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines (as described in section 213. 233(b)(3) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) shall (1) at least once each 2 weeks (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or (B) inspect each main line on foot; and (2) at least once each month, traverse and inspect each siding by vehicle or by foot. The table of sections for chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by sections 6 and 7, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 20170.