SECTION 1. 2. PREMIUM ASSISTANCE FOR COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall establish a program under which premium assistance for COBRA continuation coverage shall be provided for qualified individuals under this section. Premium assistance provided under this section shall be provided through the establishment of direct payment arrangements with the administrator of the group health plan (or other entity) that provides or administers the COBRA continuation coverage. (1) General notice. (A) In general. In the case of notices provided under section 4980B(f)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to individuals who, on or after July 1, 2001, become entitled to elect COBRA continuation coverage, such notices shall include an additional notification to the recipient of the availability of premium assistance for such coverage under this section. Each additional notification under paragraph (1) shall include (A) the forms necessary for establishing eligibility under subsection (a)(2)(A) and enrollment under subsection (a)(2)(B) in connection with the coverage with respect to each covered employee or other qualified beneficiary; (B) the name, address, and telephone number necessary to contact the plan administrator and any other person maintaining relevant information in connection with the premium assistance; and (C) the following statement displayed in a prominent manner: You may be eligible to receive assistance with payment of 100 percent of your COBRA continuation coverage premiums for a duration of not to exceed 12 months. The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall issue guidance under this section not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) COBRA continuation coverage. The term State includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 3. TEMPORARY MEDICAID COVERAGE FOR CERTAIN UNINSURED EMPLOYEES. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with respect to any month, as a condition for the receipt of Federal financial participation under title XIX of the Social Security Act, a State shall provide, under its medicaid program under such title, medical assistance in the case of an individual (1) who has become totally or partially separated from employment on or after July 1, 2001; (2) who is not eligible for COBRA continuation coverage; and (3) who is uninsured; and to the individual's spouse and dependents (as defined for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) if they also are uninsured. Assistance under this section shall end with respect to an individual on the earlier of (1) the date the individual is no longer uninsured; or (2) 12 months after the date the individual is first determined to be eligible for medical assistance under this section. For purposes of this paragraph, such coverage under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall not include coverage consisting solely of coverage of excepted benefits (as defined in section 2791(c) of the Public Health Service Act). (2) COBRA continuation coverage. The term State has the meaning given such term for purposes of title XIX of the Social Security Act. A State providing premium assistance under this section shall be entitled to payment under section 1903(a) of the Social Security Act with respect to such assistance (and administrative expenses relating to such assistance) in the same manner as such State is entitled to payment with respect to medical assistance (and such administrative expenses) under such section, except that, for purposes of this subsection, any reference to the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be deemed a reference to the enhanced FMAP (as defined in section 2105(b) of such Act). (d) Unsubsidized Portion of Premium for COBRA Continuation Coverage. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to certification periods that begin before the date of the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. 2. PREMIUM ASSISTANCE FOR COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall establish a program under which premium assistance for COBRA continuation coverage shall be provided for qualified individuals under this section. Premium assistance provided under this section shall be provided through the establishment of direct payment arrangements with the administrator of the group health plan (or other entity) that provides or administers the COBRA continuation coverage. (1) General notice. (A) In general. In the case of notices provided under section 4980B(f)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to individuals who, on or after July 1, 2001, become entitled to elect COBRA continuation coverage, such notices shall include an additional notification to the recipient of the availability of premium assistance for such coverage under this section. Each additional notification under paragraph (1) shall include (A) the forms necessary for establishing eligibility under subsection (a)(2)(A) and enrollment under subsection (a)(2)(B) in connection with the coverage with respect to each covered employee or other qualified beneficiary; (B) the name, address, and telephone number necessary to contact the plan administrator and any other person maintaining relevant information in connection with the premium assistance; and (C) the following statement displayed in a prominent manner: You may be eligible to receive assistance with payment of 100 percent of your COBRA continuation coverage premiums for a duration of not to exceed 12 months. The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall issue guidance under this section not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) COBRA continuation coverage. The term State includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 3. TEMPORARY MEDICAID COVERAGE FOR CERTAIN UNINSURED EMPLOYEES. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with respect to any month, as a condition for the receipt of Federal financial participation under title XIX of the Social Security Act, a State shall provide, under its medicaid program under such title, medical assistance in the case of an individual (1) who has become totally or partially separated from employment on or after July 1, 2001; (2) who is not eligible for COBRA continuation coverage; and (3) who is uninsured; and to the individual's spouse and dependents (as defined for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) if they also are uninsured. Assistance under this section shall end with respect to an individual on the earlier of (1) the date the individual is no longer uninsured; or (2) 12 months after the date the individual is first determined to be eligible for medical assistance under this section. For purposes of this paragraph, such coverage under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall not include coverage consisting solely of coverage of excepted benefits (as defined in section 2791(c) of the Public Health Service Act). (2) COBRA continuation coverage. The term State has the meaning given such term for purposes of title XIX of the Social Security Act. A State providing premium assistance under this section shall be entitled to payment under section 1903(a) of the Social Security Act with respect to such assistance (and administrative expenses relating to such assistance) in the same manner as such State is entitled to payment with respect to medical assistance (and such administrative expenses) under such section, except that, for purposes of this subsection, any reference to the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be deemed a reference to the enhanced FMAP (as defined in section 2105(b) of such Act). (d) Unsubsidized Portion of Premium for COBRA Continuation Coverage. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to certification periods that begin before the date of the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. 2. PREMIUM ASSISTANCE FOR COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall establish a program under which premium assistance for COBRA continuation coverage shall be provided for qualified individuals under this section. Premium assistance provided under this section shall be provided through the establishment of direct payment arrangements with the administrator of the group health plan (or other entity) that provides or administers the COBRA continuation coverage. (1) General notice. (A) In general. In the case of notices provided under section 4980B(f)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to individuals who, on or after July 1, 2001, become entitled to elect COBRA continuation coverage, such notices shall include an additional notification to the recipient of the availability of premium assistance for such coverage under this section. Each additional notification under paragraph (1) shall include (A) the forms necessary for establishing eligibility under subsection (a)(2)(A) and enrollment under subsection (a)(2)(B) in connection with the coverage with respect to each covered employee or other qualified beneficiary; (B) the name, address, and telephone number necessary to contact the plan administrator and any other person maintaining relevant information in connection with the premium assistance; and (C) the following statement displayed in a prominent manner: You may be eligible to receive assistance with payment of 100 percent of your COBRA continuation coverage premiums for a duration of not to exceed 12 months. The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall issue guidance under this section not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) COBRA continuation coverage. The term State includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 3. TEMPORARY MEDICAID COVERAGE FOR CERTAIN UNINSURED EMPLOYEES. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with respect to any month, as a condition for the receipt of Federal financial participation under title XIX of the Social Security Act, a State shall provide, under its medicaid program under such title, medical assistance in the case of an individual (1) who has become totally or partially separated from employment on or after July 1, 2001; (2) who is not eligible for COBRA continuation coverage; and (3) who is uninsured; and to the individual's spouse and dependents (as defined for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) if they also are uninsured. Assistance under this section shall end with respect to an individual on the earlier of (1) the date the individual is no longer uninsured; or (2) 12 months after the date the individual is first determined to be eligible for medical assistance under this section. For purposes of this paragraph, such coverage under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall not include coverage consisting solely of coverage of excepted benefits (as defined in section 2791(c) of the Public Health Service Act). (2) COBRA continuation coverage. The term State has the meaning given such term for purposes of title XIX of the Social Security Act. A State providing premium assistance under this section shall be entitled to payment under section 1903(a) of the Social Security Act with respect to such assistance (and administrative expenses relating to such assistance) in the same manner as such State is entitled to payment with respect to medical assistance (and such administrative expenses) under such section, except that, for purposes of this subsection, any reference to the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be deemed a reference to the enhanced FMAP (as defined in section 2105(b) of such Act). (d) Unsubsidized Portion of Premium for COBRA Continuation Coverage. The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to certification periods that begin before the date of the enactment of this Act.