The term `troubled assets' means (A) any residential mortgage, and any security, obligation, or other instrument that is based on or related to such mortgage (i) is in preforeclosure; (ii) with respect to which the borrower has missed at least 2 payments within the last 6 months; or (iii) which is in forbearance; or (B) any other financial instrument that the Secretary, after consultation with the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, determines the purchase of which is necessary to promote financial market stability, but only upon transmittal of such determination, in writing, to the appropriate committees of Congress. The term `rehabilitated mortgage' means a mortgage which has been restructured, refinanced or otherwise modified to lower the borrower's monthly payment (A) creating a frontend debt ratio, including the cost of mortgage principal, interest, taxes, and insurance, of no more than 30 percent of the gross monthly income of the borrower; or (B) to a term deemed affordable by the borrower after full disclosure by the lender and pursuant to rules as may be established by the Secretary. (11) Independent appraiser. The term `independent appraiser' means a person who (A) is licensed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the State where the person practices; (B) is disclosed to the borrower or buyer; and (C) is not coerced, extorted, induced, intimidated, bribed or otherwise influenced by or in collusion with the mortgage lender, mortgaged broker, mortgage banker, real estate broker, appraisal management company or other persons or companies having a vested interest in the transaction. The Secretary is authorized to establish the Troubled Asset Restoration and Assistance Program (hereafter in this title referred to as the `TARAP') to allow the Treasury to purchase lender or servicer `losses' on rehabilitated mortgages, on such terms and conditions as are defined in this Act and determined by the Secretary. (3) Write off of remainder. That portion of the difference between the original asset and the rehabilitated asset to the lender or servicer that is not paid for by the Secretary under paragraph (2) may be written to loss. ELIGIBLE ASSET. Section 101 of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (division A of Public Law 110343) is amended (1) by striking subsection (d); (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (i); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsections: (d) Eligible Assets. (3) The Secretary may establish mechanisms to provide for those assets which cannot be rehabilitated under the preceding guidelines. DEFERRAL OF ALL FORECLOSURES ON ANY PRINCIPAL DWELLING OF A CONSUMER FOR A 90DAY PERIOD. Notwithstanding any provision of any State or Federal law, after the date of the enactment of this Act, no creditor, servicer, or holder of such mortgage, or any other person acting on behalf of any such creditor, servicer, or holder, may take any action to initiate a foreclosure, whether judicial or nonjudicial, or any action in connection with a foreclosure already instituted other than to suspend such foreclosure, with respect to any eligible mortgage of a consumer, until the end of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. Any consumer may defend against a foreclosure or bring an action in any court of competent or general jurisdiction to compel compliance with the right of the consumer under paragraph (1) to defer any initiation of a foreclosure or any action in connection with a foreclosure already instituted, including any foreclosure sale, with respect to any eligible mortgage.The term `troubled assets' means (A) any residential mortgage, and any security, obligation, or other instrument that is based on or related to such mortgage (i) is in preforeclosure; (ii) with respect to which the borrower has missed at least 2 payments within the last 6 months; or (iii) which is in forbearance; or (B) any other financial instrument that the Secretary, after consultation with the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, determines the purchase of which is necessary to promote financial market stability, but only upon transmittal of such determination, in writing, to the appropriate committees of Congress. The term `rehabilitated mortgage' means a mortgage which has been restructured, refinanced or otherwise modified to lower the borrower's monthly payment (A) creating a frontend debt ratio, including the cost of mortgage principal, interest, taxes, and insurance, of no more than 30 percent of the gross monthly income of the borrower; or (B) to a term deemed affordable by the borrower after full disclosure by the lender and pursuant to rules as may be established by the Secretary. (11) Independent appraiser. The term `independent appraiser' means a person who (A) is licensed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the State where the person practices; (B) is disclosed to the borrower or buyer; and (C) is not coerced, extorted, induced, intimidated, bribed or otherwise influenced by or in collusion with the mortgage lender, mortgaged broker, mortgage banker, real estate broker, appraisal management company or other persons or companies having a vested interest in the transaction. The Secretary is authorized to establish the Troubled Asset Restoration and Assistance Program (hereafter in this title referred to as the `TARAP') to allow the Treasury to purchase lender or servicer `losses' on rehabilitated mortgages, on such terms and conditions as are defined in this Act and determined by the Secretary. (3) Write off of remainder. That portion of the difference between the original asset and the rehabilitated asset to the lender or servicer that is not paid for by the Secretary under paragraph (2) may be written to loss. ELIGIBLE ASSET. Section 101 of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (division A of Public Law 110343) is amended (1) by striking subsection (d); (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (i); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsections: (d) Eligible Assets. (3) The Secretary may establish mechanisms to provide for those assets which cannot be rehabilitated under the preceding guidelines. DEFERRAL OF ALL FORECLOSURES ON ANY PRINCIPAL DWELLING OF A CONSUMER FOR A 90DAY PERIOD. Notwithstanding any provision of any State or Federal law, after the date of the enactment of this Act, no creditor, servicer, or holder of such mortgage, or any other person acting on behalf of any such creditor, servicer, or holder, may take any action to initiate a foreclosure, whether judicial or nonjudicial, or any action in connection with a foreclosure already instituted other than to suspend such foreclosure, with respect to any eligible mortgage of a consumer, until the end of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. Any consumer may defend against a foreclosure or bring an action in any court of competent or general jurisdiction to compel compliance with the right of the consumer under paragraph (1) to defer any initiation of a foreclosure or any action in connection with a foreclosure already instituted, including any foreclosure sale, with respect to any eligible mortgage.The term `troubled assets' means (A) any residential mortgage, and any security, obligation, or other instrument that is based on or related to such mortgage (i) is in preforeclosure; (ii) with respect to which the borrower has missed at least 2 payments within the last 6 months; or (iii) which is in forbearance; or (B) any other financial instrument that the Secretary, after consultation with the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, determines the purchase of which is necessary to promote financial market stability, but only upon transmittal of such determination, in writing, to the appropriate committees of Congress. The term `rehabilitated mortgage' means a mortgage which has been restructured, refinanced or otherwise modified to lower the borrower's monthly payment (A) creating a frontend debt ratio, including the cost of mortgage principal, interest, taxes, and insurance, of no more than 30 percent of the gross monthly income of the borrower; or (B) to a term deemed affordable by the borrower after full disclosure by the lender and pursuant to rules as may be established by the Secretary. (11) Independent appraiser. The term `independent appraiser' means a person who (A) is licensed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the State where the person practices; (B) is disclosed to the borrower or buyer; and (C) is not coerced, extorted, induced, intimidated, bribed or otherwise influenced by or in collusion with the mortgage lender, mortgaged broker, mortgage banker, real estate broker, appraisal management company or other persons or companies having a vested interest in the transaction. The Secretary is authorized to establish the Troubled Asset Restoration and Assistance Program (hereafter in this title referred to as the `TARAP') to allow the Treasury to purchase lender or servicer `losses' on rehabilitated mortgages, on such terms and conditions as are defined in this Act and determined by the Secretary. (3) Write off of remainder. That portion of the difference between the original asset and the rehabilitated asset to the lender or servicer that is not paid for by the Secretary under paragraph (2) may be written to loss. ELIGIBLE ASSET. Section 101 of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (division A of Public Law 110343) is amended (1) by striking subsection (d); (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (i); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsections: (d) Eligible Assets. (3) The Secretary may establish mechanisms to provide for those assets which cannot be rehabilitated under the preceding guidelines. DEFERRAL OF ALL FORECLOSURES ON ANY PRINCIPAL DWELLING OF A CONSUMER FOR A 90DAY PERIOD. Notwithstanding any provision of any State or Federal law, after the date of the enactment of this Act, no creditor, servicer, or holder of such mortgage, or any other person acting on behalf of any such creditor, servicer, or holder, may take any action to initiate a foreclosure, whether judicial or nonjudicial, or any action in connection with a foreclosure already instituted other than to suspend such foreclosure, with respect to any eligible mortgage of a consumer, until the end of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. Any consumer may defend against a foreclosure or bring an action in any court of competent or general jurisdiction to compel compliance with the right of the consumer under paragraph (1) to defer any initiation of a foreclosure or any action in connection with a foreclosure already instituted, including any foreclosure sale, with respect to any eligible mortgage.