SECTION 1. (1) In general. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State and other appropriate United States officials, shall work with the appropriate officials of the Government of Canada and the Government of Mexico, in conjunction with representatives from the governments of Central American countries, to establish a program to (A) assess the specific needs of Central American countries to maintain the security of the international borders of such countries; (B) determine the support needed by such countries from the United States, Canada, and Mexico, to meet such needs; and (C) assess the current structure for handling displaced minors and other vulnerable individuals in Central American countries and recommendations to improve such structure. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the assessments and determination carried out in accordance with subsection (a). The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall work with appropriate officials of the Government of Mexico to establish a program to assess the specific needs of Mexico to help secure Mexico's southern border from undocumented aliens, drugs, weapons, and other contraband. Such plan shall include (1) a comprehensive plan for the deployment and use of technology along the southern border of Mexico, which at a minimum shall contain (A) an assessment of current technology capabilities along the southern border of Mexico; (B) a description of the research and development capabilities of the Government of Mexico, and collaboration between the Science and Technology Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security to help improve such capabilities; and (C) a description of Mexico's technology needs to address southern border crossing transportation screening, including vehicle, pedestrian and rail screening; and (2) a comprehensive plan for the repatriation of migrants to their home countries, which at a minimum shall contain (A) a description of the ways the Government of Mexico and the Government of the United States can coordinate with international nongovernmental organizations to ensure humane repatriation methods are practiced; (B) a description of the training, personnel and equipment needed to implement such a repatriation program; and (C) an assessment of current and future land and rail ports of entry infrastructure that will be needed to maintain legitimate border activity along the southern border of Mexico. The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U. S. (1) In general. (2) Form. (2) Information on family members separated by the Border Patrol during apprehension or detention. (e) Short Term Detention Defined. In this section, the term short term detention means detention of an individual in a Border Patrol processing center for 72 hours or less, before repatriation of such individual to such individual's country of nationality or last habitual residence. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the procurement process and standards of entities with which the Department of Homeland Security has contracts for the transportation and detention of individuals unlawfully present in the United States who are apprehended by agents or officers of the Department.SECTION 1. (1) In general. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State and other appropriate United States officials, shall work with the appropriate officials of the Government of Canada and the Government of Mexico, in conjunction with representatives from the governments of Central American countries, to establish a program to (A) assess the specific needs of Central American countries to maintain the security of the international borders of such countries; (B) determine the support needed by such countries from the United States, Canada, and Mexico, to meet such needs; and (C) assess the current structure for handling displaced minors and other vulnerable individuals in Central American countries and recommendations to improve such structure. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the assessments and determination carried out in accordance with subsection (a). The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall work with appropriate officials of the Government of Mexico to establish a program to assess the specific needs of Mexico to help secure Mexico's southern border from undocumented aliens, drugs, weapons, and other contraband. Such plan shall include (1) a comprehensive plan for the deployment and use of technology along the southern border of Mexico, which at a minimum shall contain (A) an assessment of current technology capabilities along the southern border of Mexico; (B) a description of the research and development capabilities of the Government of Mexico, and collaboration between the Science and Technology Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security to help improve such capabilities; and (C) a description of Mexico's technology needs to address southern border crossing transportation screening, including vehicle, pedestrian and rail screening; and (2) a comprehensive plan for the repatriation of migrants to their home countries, which at a minimum shall contain (A) a description of the ways the Government of Mexico and the Government of the United States can coordinate with international nongovernmental organizations to ensure humane repatriation methods are practiced; (B) a description of the training, personnel and equipment needed to implement such a repatriation program; and (C) an assessment of current and future land and rail ports of entry infrastructure that will be needed to maintain legitimate border activity along the southern border of Mexico. The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U. S. (1) In general. (2) Form. (2) Information on family members separated by the Border Patrol during apprehension or detention. (e) Short Term Detention Defined. In this section, the term short term detention means detention of an individual in a Border Patrol processing center for 72 hours or less, before repatriation of such individual to such individual's country of nationality or last habitual residence. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the procurement process and standards of entities with which the Department of Homeland Security has contracts for the transportation and detention of individuals unlawfully present in the United States who are apprehended by agents or officers of the Department.SECTION 1. (1) In general. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State and other appropriate United States officials, shall work with the appropriate officials of the Government of Canada and the Government of Mexico, in conjunction with representatives from the governments of Central American countries, to establish a program to (A) assess the specific needs of Central American countries to maintain the security of the international borders of such countries; (B) determine the support needed by such countries from the United States, Canada, and Mexico, to meet such needs; and (C) assess the current structure for handling displaced minors and other vulnerable individuals in Central American countries and recommendations to improve such structure. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the assessments and determination carried out in accordance with subsection (a). The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall work with appropriate officials of the Government of Mexico to establish a program to assess the specific needs of Mexico to help secure Mexico's southern border from undocumented aliens, drugs, weapons, and other contraband. Such plan shall include (1) a comprehensive plan for the deployment and use of technology along the southern border of Mexico, which at a minimum shall contain (A) an assessment of current technology capabilities along the southern border of Mexico; (B) a description of the research and development capabilities of the Government of Mexico, and collaboration between the Science and Technology Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security to help improve such capabilities; and (C) a description of Mexico's technology needs to address southern border crossing transportation screening, including vehicle, pedestrian and rail screening; and (2) a comprehensive plan for the repatriation of migrants to their home countries, which at a minimum shall contain (A) a description of the ways the Government of Mexico and the Government of the United States can coordinate with international nongovernmental organizations to ensure humane repatriation methods are practiced; (B) a description of the training, personnel and equipment needed to implement such a repatriation program; and (C) an assessment of current and future land and rail ports of entry infrastructure that will be needed to maintain legitimate border activity along the southern border of Mexico. The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U. S. (1) In general. (2) Form. (2) Information on family members separated by the Border Patrol during apprehension or detention. (e) Short Term Detention Defined. In this section, the term short term detention means detention of an individual in a Border Patrol processing center for 72 hours or less, before repatriation of such individual to such individual's country of nationality or last habitual residence. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the procurement process and standards of entities with which the Department of Homeland Security has contracts for the transportation and detention of individuals unlawfully present in the United States who are apprehended by agents or officers of the Department.