SECTION 1. 2. Subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 89 the following: CHAPTER 89AHEALTH INSURANCE FOR NONFEDERAL EMPLOYEES Sec. 8952. Contract requirement. Alternative conditions to Federal employee health benefits plans. Definitions In this chapter (1) the terms defined under section 8901 shall have the meanings given such terms under that section; and (2) the term `Office' means the Office of Personnel Management. Sec. (b) Except as provided under this chapter, the Office shall prescribe regulations to apply the provisions of chapter 89 to the greatest extent practicable to eligible individuals covered under this chapter. (b) An individual may not enroll in a health benefits plan under this chapter, if the individual (1) is 65 years of age or older; (2) is enrolled or eligible to enroll for coverage under a public health insurance program, including coverage under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, coverage under a State plan under title XIX of such Act, coverage under a State plan under title XX of such Act, or coverage under any other program determined by the Office; (3) is enrolled or eligible to enroll in a plan under chapter 89; or (4) is a member of the uniformed services as defined under section 101(a)(5) of title 10. Alternative conditions to Federal employee health benefits plans (a) Rates charged and premiums paid for a health benefits plan under this chapter may differ between or among geographic regions. (b) No Government contribution shall be made for any individual under this chapter. Health Insurance for NonFederal Employees. . 8951. 3. (a) In General. For purposes of subsection (a) (1) In general. In the case of any taxpayer whose The applicable percentage is family income is the following percentage of the poverty line Not more than 100 percent. For purposes of this section, payments made by the Secretary on behalf of any individual under section 7528 (relating to advance payment of credit for health insurance costs of eligible individuals) shall be treated as having been made by the taxpayer. The Secretary may prescribe such regulations and other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section and section 7528. (1) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period , or from section 36 of such Code. Overpayments of tax. PLAN FOR EXTENSION OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM.SECTION 1. 2. Subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 89 the following: CHAPTER 89AHEALTH INSURANCE FOR NONFEDERAL EMPLOYEES Sec. 8952. Contract requirement. Alternative conditions to Federal employee health benefits plans. Definitions In this chapter (1) the terms defined under section 8901 shall have the meanings given such terms under that section; and (2) the term `Office' means the Office of Personnel Management. Sec. (b) Except as provided under this chapter, the Office shall prescribe regulations to apply the provisions of chapter 89 to the greatest extent practicable to eligible individuals covered under this chapter. (b) An individual may not enroll in a health benefits plan under this chapter, if the individual (1) is 65 years of age or older; (2) is enrolled or eligible to enroll for coverage under a public health insurance program, including coverage under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, coverage under a State plan under title XIX of such Act, coverage under a State plan under title XX of such Act, or coverage under any other program determined by the Office; (3) is enrolled or eligible to enroll in a plan under chapter 89; or (4) is a member of the uniformed services as defined under section 101(a)(5) of title 10. Alternative conditions to Federal employee health benefits plans (a) Rates charged and premiums paid for a health benefits plan under this chapter may differ between or among geographic regions. (b) No Government contribution shall be made for any individual under this chapter. Health Insurance for NonFederal Employees. . 8951. 3. (a) In General. For purposes of subsection (a) (1) In general. In the case of any taxpayer whose The applicable percentage is family income is the following percentage of the poverty line Not more than 100 percent. For purposes of this section, payments made by the Secretary on behalf of any individual under section 7528 (relating to advance payment of credit for health insurance costs of eligible individuals) shall be treated as having been made by the taxpayer. The Secretary may prescribe such regulations and other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section and section 7528. (1) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period , or from section 36 of such Code. Overpayments of tax. PLAN FOR EXTENSION OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM.SECTION 1. 2. Subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 89 the following: CHAPTER 89AHEALTH INSURANCE FOR NONFEDERAL EMPLOYEES Sec. 8952. Contract requirement. Alternative conditions to Federal employee health benefits plans. Definitions In this chapter (1) the terms defined under section 8901 shall have the meanings given such terms under that section; and (2) the term `Office' means the Office of Personnel Management. Sec. (b) Except as provided under this chapter, the Office shall prescribe regulations to apply the provisions of chapter 89 to the greatest extent practicable to eligible individuals covered under this chapter. (b) An individual may not enroll in a health benefits plan under this chapter, if the individual (1) is 65 years of age or older; (2) is enrolled or eligible to enroll for coverage under a public health insurance program, including coverage under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, coverage under a State plan under title XIX of such Act, coverage under a State plan under title XX of such Act, or coverage under any other program determined by the Office; (3) is enrolled or eligible to enroll in a plan under chapter 89; or (4) is a member of the uniformed services as defined under section 101(a)(5) of title 10. Alternative conditions to Federal employee health benefits plans (a) Rates charged and premiums paid for a health benefits plan under this chapter may differ between or among geographic regions. (b) No Government contribution shall be made for any individual under this chapter. Health Insurance for NonFederal Employees. . 8951. 3. (a) In General. For purposes of subsection (a) (1) In general. In the case of any taxpayer whose The applicable percentage is family income is the following percentage of the poverty line Not more than 100 percent. For purposes of this section, payments made by the Secretary on behalf of any individual under section 7528 (relating to advance payment of credit for health insurance costs of eligible individuals) shall be treated as having been made by the taxpayer. The Secretary may prescribe such regulations and other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section and section 7528. (1) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period , or from section 36 of such Code. Overpayments of tax. PLAN FOR EXTENSION OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE HEALTH BENEFITS PROGRAM.