SECTION 1. (a) Infrastructure Income To Be Qualifying Income for Purposes of Determining Publicly Traded Partnership Status. Subsection (d) of section 7704 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (6) Infrastructure property. (B) Train tracks and related improvements. For purposes of subparagraphs (A) and (B), related improvements include bridges, tunnels, and traffic control equipment. (b) Expansion of Deduction for Domestic Production Activities in the Case of Publicly Traded Partnerships. (A) Subparagraph (C) of section 168(e)(3) of such Code is amended by striking clause (i) and by redesignating the succeeding clauses accordingly. . . 22 (C)(iii). 14 (D)(i). . . . . (d) LikeKind Exchange Treatment for Exchanges of Infrastructure Property. Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. (a) Infrastructure Income To Be Qualifying Income for Purposes of Determining Publicly Traded Partnership Status. Subsection (d) of section 7704 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (6) Infrastructure property. (B) Train tracks and related improvements. For purposes of subparagraphs (A) and (B), related improvements include bridges, tunnels, and traffic control equipment. (b) Expansion of Deduction for Domestic Production Activities in the Case of Publicly Traded Partnerships. (A) Subparagraph (C) of section 168(e)(3) of such Code is amended by striking clause (i) and by redesignating the succeeding clauses accordingly. . . 22 (C)(iii). 14 (D)(i). . . . . (d) LikeKind Exchange Treatment for Exchanges of Infrastructure Property. Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.SECTION 1. (a) Infrastructure Income To Be Qualifying Income for Purposes of Determining Publicly Traded Partnership Status. Subsection (d) of section 7704 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (6) Infrastructure property. (B) Train tracks and related improvements. For purposes of subparagraphs (A) and (B), related improvements include bridges, tunnels, and traffic control equipment. (b) Expansion of Deduction for Domestic Production Activities in the Case of Publicly Traded Partnerships. (A) Subparagraph (C) of section 168(e)(3) of such Code is amended by striking clause (i) and by redesignating the succeeding clauses accordingly. . . 22 (C)(iii). 14 (D)(i). . . . . (d) LikeKind Exchange Treatment for Exchanges of Infrastructure Property. Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.