SHORT TITLE. 2. The Congress finds that (1) it is desirable to make funds available from individual retirement plans to encourage first time home ownership, and (2) the tax and penalty on the premature withdrawal of funds from individual retirement plans are substantial impediments to making such funds available for that purpose. It is the policy of the Congress to remove impediments to home investment by firsttime homebuyers by permitting owners of individual retirement plans to direct the trustees of such plans to invest plan funds as home equity or debt in the homes of such owners or in the home of family members who are firsttime homebuyers. Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to tax on prohibited transactions) is amended by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: (h) Special Rule for Home Equity Participation Arrangements. (1) In general. For purposes of this subsection (A) In general. The term `qualified home equity participation arrangement' means an arrangement (i) under which the trustee of an individual retirement plan, at the direction of the eligible participant, shall acquire an ownership interest in any dwelling unit which within a reasonable period of time (determined at the time the arrangement is executed) is to be used as the principal residence for a first time homebuyer, and (ii) which meets the requirements of subparagraph (B). (3) Definitions. The term `firsttime homebuyer' means an individual who (i) is an eligible participant or qualified family member, and (ii) had (and if married, such individual's spouse had) no present ownership interest in a principal residence at any time during the 24month period before the date of the arrangement. (C) Qualified family member. The term `principal residence' has the same meaning as when used in section 121. The amendment made by this section shall apply to arrangements entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. Paragraph (3) shall not apply to any qualified home purchase loan made by an individual retirement plan. For purposes of this paragraph, the term `qualified home purchase loan' means a loan (i) made by the trustee of an individual retirement plan at the direction of the individual on whose behalf such plan is established, (ii) the proceeds of which are used for the acquisition of a dwelling unit which within a reasonable period of time (determined at the time the loan is made) is to be used as the principal residence for a firsttime homebuyer, (iii) which by its terms requires interest on the loan to be paid not less frequently than monthly, (iv) which by its terms requires repayment in full not later than the earlier of (I) the date which is 15 years after the date of acquisition of the dwelling unit, or (II) the date of the sale or other transfer of the dwelling unit, (v) which by its terms treats (I) any amount required to be paid under clause (iii) during any taxable year which is not paid at the time required to be paid, and (II) any amount remaining unpaid as of the beginning of the taxable year beginning after the period described in clause (iv), as distributed during such taxable year to the individual on whose behalf such plan is established and subject to section 72(t)(1), and (vi) which bears interest from the date of the loan at a rate not less than 2 percentage points below, and not more than 2 percentage points above, the rate for comparable United States Treasury obligations on such date. The amount of borrowings to which paragraph (3) does not apply by reason of this paragraph shall not exceed $10,000. (iv) Date of acquisition.SHORT TITLE. 2. The Congress finds that (1) it is desirable to make funds available from individual retirement plans to encourage first time home ownership, and (2) the tax and penalty on the premature withdrawal of funds from individual retirement plans are substantial impediments to making such funds available for that purpose. It is the policy of the Congress to remove impediments to home investment by firsttime homebuyers by permitting owners of individual retirement plans to direct the trustees of such plans to invest plan funds as home equity or debt in the homes of such owners or in the home of family members who are firsttime homebuyers. Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to tax on prohibited transactions) is amended by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: (h) Special Rule for Home Equity Participation Arrangements. (1) In general. For purposes of this subsection (A) In general. The term `qualified home equity participation arrangement' means an arrangement (i) under which the trustee of an individual retirement plan, at the direction of the eligible participant, shall acquire an ownership interest in any dwelling unit which within a reasonable period of time (determined at the time the arrangement is executed) is to be used as the principal residence for a first time homebuyer, and (ii) which meets the requirements of subparagraph (B). (3) Definitions. The term `firsttime homebuyer' means an individual who (i) is an eligible participant or qualified family member, and (ii) had (and if married, such individual's spouse had) no present ownership interest in a principal residence at any time during the 24month period before the date of the arrangement. (C) Qualified family member. The term `principal residence' has the same meaning as when used in section 121. The amendment made by this section shall apply to arrangements entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. Paragraph (3) shall not apply to any qualified home purchase loan made by an individual retirement plan. For purposes of this paragraph, the term `qualified home purchase loan' means a loan (i) made by the trustee of an individual retirement plan at the direction of the individual on whose behalf such plan is established, (ii) the proceeds of which are used for the acquisition of a dwelling unit which within a reasonable period of time (determined at the time the loan is made) is to be used as the principal residence for a firsttime homebuyer, (iii) which by its terms requires interest on the loan to be paid not less frequently than monthly, (iv) which by its terms requires repayment in full not later than the earlier of (I) the date which is 15 years after the date of acquisition of the dwelling unit, or (II) the date of the sale or other transfer of the dwelling unit, (v) which by its terms treats (I) any amount required to be paid under clause (iii) during any taxable year which is not paid at the time required to be paid, and (II) any amount remaining unpaid as of the beginning of the taxable year beginning after the period described in clause (iv), as distributed during such taxable year to the individual on whose behalf such plan is established and subject to section 72(t)(1), and (vi) which bears interest from the date of the loan at a rate not less than 2 percentage points below, and not more than 2 percentage points above, the rate for comparable United States Treasury obligations on such date. The amount of borrowings to which paragraph (3) does not apply by reason of this paragraph shall not exceed $10,000. (iv) Date of acquisition.SHORT TITLE. 2. The Congress finds that (1) it is desirable to make funds available from individual retirement plans to encourage first time home ownership, and (2) the tax and penalty on the premature withdrawal of funds from individual retirement plans are substantial impediments to making such funds available for that purpose. It is the policy of the Congress to remove impediments to home investment by firsttime homebuyers by permitting owners of individual retirement plans to direct the trustees of such plans to invest plan funds as home equity or debt in the homes of such owners or in the home of family members who are firsttime homebuyers. Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to tax on prohibited transactions) is amended by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: (h) Special Rule for Home Equity Participation Arrangements. (1) In general. For purposes of this subsection (A) In general. The term `qualified home equity participation arrangement' means an arrangement (i) under which the trustee of an individual retirement plan, at the direction of the eligible participant, shall acquire an ownership interest in any dwelling unit which within a reasonable period of time (determined at the time the arrangement is executed) is to be used as the principal residence for a first time homebuyer, and (ii) which meets the requirements of subparagraph (B). (3) Definitions. The term `firsttime homebuyer' means an individual who (i) is an eligible participant or qualified family member, and (ii) had (and if married, such individual's spouse had) no present ownership interest in a principal residence at any time during the 24month period before the date of the arrangement. (C) Qualified family member. The term `principal residence' has the same meaning as when used in section 121. The amendment made by this section shall apply to arrangements entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. Paragraph (3) shall not apply to any qualified home purchase loan made by an individual retirement plan. For purposes of this paragraph, the term `qualified home purchase loan' means a loan (i) made by the trustee of an individual retirement plan at the direction of the individual on whose behalf such plan is established, (ii) the proceeds of which are used for the acquisition of a dwelling unit which within a reasonable period of time (determined at the time the loan is made) is to be used as the principal residence for a firsttime homebuyer, (iii) which by its terms requires interest on the loan to be paid not less frequently than monthly, (iv) which by its terms requires repayment in full not later than the earlier of (I) the date which is 15 years after the date of acquisition of the dwelling unit, or (II) the date of the sale or other transfer of the dwelling unit, (v) which by its terms treats (I) any amount required to be paid under clause (iii) during any taxable year which is not paid at the time required to be paid, and (II) any amount remaining unpaid as of the beginning of the taxable year beginning after the period described in clause (iv), as distributed during such taxable year to the individual on whose behalf such plan is established and subject to section 72(t)(1), and (vi) which bears interest from the date of the loan at a rate not less than 2 percentage points below, and not more than 2 percentage points above, the rate for comparable United States Treasury obligations on such date. The amount of borrowings to which paragraph (3) does not apply by reason of this paragraph shall not exceed $10,000. (iv) Date of acquisition.