SECTION 1. In 2005, the Commission will assess the widespread utilization of the 211 telephone number and evaluate whether to continue the assignment of that telephone number for that service. (2) The number 211 is an easytoremember telephone number that facilitates critical connections between individuals and families seeking services, volunteer opportunities, or both and appropriate human service agencies, including communitybased and faithbased organizations and government agencies. (3) There are more than 820,000 nonprofit organizations in the United States. Individuals and families often find it difficult to navigate through a complex and evergrowing maze of human service agencies and programs, spending inordinate amounts of time trying to identify an agency or program that provides a service that may be immediately or urgently required and often abandoning the search from frustration or a lack of quality information. (4) At the Federal, State, and local levels, government funding supports wellintentioned programs that are not fully utilized because of a lack of access to and information on such programs by the public. 211 telephone service will reduce the number of inappropriate calls to government offices by directing consumers to the appropriate human services agency, resulting in a more effective use of government services. (5) Many families need information on government and not forprofit services that address domestic violence, support adequate and stable housing, alleviate hunger, and provide for highquality day care, afterschool activities, summer activities, job training and assistance, elder care, and disaster recovery. (6) Individuals often need support, services, or both when suffering emotional distress, having suicidal thoughts or behavior, contemplating violence, or using drugs or alcohol. A Comptroller General report on charitable aid following the terrorist attacks found that families of victims generally believed they had to navigate a maze of service providers in the early months and that good information about and easy access to available assistance could help survivors in the recovery process. 247d3a), as added by section 131 of the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 (Public Law 107188). (1) Requirement. A State may not be awarded a grant under this section unless the State ensures that at least 50 percent of the resources of the program funded by the grant will be derived from other sources. (1) In general. An entity shall be treated as the 211 Collaborative for a State under this subsection if the entity (A) exists for such purpose under State law; (B) exists for such purpose by order of the State public utility commission; or (C) is a collaborative entity established by the State for such purpose from among representatives of (i) an informal existing 211 statewide collaborative, if any, in the State; (ii) State agencies; (iii) communitybased organizations; (iv) faithbased organizations; (v) notforprofit organizations; (vi) comprehensive and specialized information and referral providers, including current 211 call centers; (vii) foundations; and (viii) businesses. An application on behalf of a State under this subsection shall contain information as follows: (A) Information on the program to be carried out by the lead entity of the State in order to plan to make available throughout the State 211 telephone service for information and referral on human services, including information on the manner in which the lead entity will develop, sustain, and evaluate the program. (f) Subgrants. Amounts awarded as grants or subgrants under this section shall be used solely to make available 211 telephone service for community information and referral on human services, including telephone connections between families and individuals seeking such services and the providers of such services. (3) Use of funds. Of the amounts awarded under this section, an aggregate of not less than 10 percent shall be allocated for evaluation, training, and technical assistance, and for management and administration of subgrants awarded under this section. Each report shall (1) describe the program funding by the grant; and (2) assess the effectiveness of the program in making available throughout such State 211 telephone service for information and referral on human services in accordance with the provisions of this section. The term State means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act amounts as follows: (1) For fiscal year 2004, $200,000,000.SECTION 1. In 2005, the Commission will assess the widespread utilization of the 211 telephone number and evaluate whether to continue the assignment of that telephone number for that service. (2) The number 211 is an easytoremember telephone number that facilitates critical connections between individuals and families seeking services, volunteer opportunities, or both and appropriate human service agencies, including communitybased and faithbased organizations and government agencies. (3) There are more than 820,000 nonprofit organizations in the United States. Individuals and families often find it difficult to navigate through a complex and evergrowing maze of human service agencies and programs, spending inordinate amounts of time trying to identify an agency or program that provides a service that may be immediately or urgently required and often abandoning the search from frustration or a lack of quality information. (4) At the Federal, State, and local levels, government funding supports wellintentioned programs that are not fully utilized because of a lack of access to and information on such programs by the public. 211 telephone service will reduce the number of inappropriate calls to government offices by directing consumers to the appropriate human services agency, resulting in a more effective use of government services. (5) Many families need information on government and not forprofit services that address domestic violence, support adequate and stable housing, alleviate hunger, and provide for highquality day care, afterschool activities, summer activities, job training and assistance, elder care, and disaster recovery. (6) Individuals often need support, services, or both when suffering emotional distress, having suicidal thoughts or behavior, contemplating violence, or using drugs or alcohol. A Comptroller General report on charitable aid following the terrorist attacks found that families of victims generally believed they had to navigate a maze of service providers in the early months and that good information about and easy access to available assistance could help survivors in the recovery process. 247d3a), as added by section 131 of the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 (Public Law 107188). (1) Requirement. A State may not be awarded a grant under this section unless the State ensures that at least 50 percent of the resources of the program funded by the grant will be derived from other sources. (1) In general. An entity shall be treated as the 211 Collaborative for a State under this subsection if the entity (A) exists for such purpose under State law; (B) exists for such purpose by order of the State public utility commission; or (C) is a collaborative entity established by the State for such purpose from among representatives of (i) an informal existing 211 statewide collaborative, if any, in the State; (ii) State agencies; (iii) communitybased organizations; (iv) faithbased organizations; (v) notforprofit organizations; (vi) comprehensive and specialized information and referral providers, including current 211 call centers; (vii) foundations; and (viii) businesses. An application on behalf of a State under this subsection shall contain information as follows: (A) Information on the program to be carried out by the lead entity of the State in order to plan to make available throughout the State 211 telephone service for information and referral on human services, including information on the manner in which the lead entity will develop, sustain, and evaluate the program. (f) Subgrants. Amounts awarded as grants or subgrants under this section shall be used solely to make available 211 telephone service for community information and referral on human services, including telephone connections between families and individuals seeking such services and the providers of such services. (3) Use of funds. Of the amounts awarded under this section, an aggregate of not less than 10 percent shall be allocated for evaluation, training, and technical assistance, and for management and administration of subgrants awarded under this section. Each report shall (1) describe the program funding by the grant; and (2) assess the effectiveness of the program in making available throughout such State 211 telephone service for information and referral on human services in accordance with the provisions of this section. The term State means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act amounts as follows: (1) For fiscal year 2004, $200,000,000.SECTION 1. In 2005, the Commission will assess the widespread utilization of the 211 telephone number and evaluate whether to continue the assignment of that telephone number for that service. (2) The number 211 is an easytoremember telephone number that facilitates critical connections between individuals and families seeking services, volunteer opportunities, or both and appropriate human service agencies, including communitybased and faithbased organizations and government agencies. (3) There are more than 820,000 nonprofit organizations in the United States. Individuals and families often find it difficult to navigate through a complex and evergrowing maze of human service agencies and programs, spending inordinate amounts of time trying to identify an agency or program that provides a service that may be immediately or urgently required and often abandoning the search from frustration or a lack of quality information. (4) At the Federal, State, and local levels, government funding supports wellintentioned programs that are not fully utilized because of a lack of access to and information on such programs by the public. 211 telephone service will reduce the number of inappropriate calls to government offices by directing consumers to the appropriate human services agency, resulting in a more effective use of government services. (5) Many families need information on government and not forprofit services that address domestic violence, support adequate and stable housing, alleviate hunger, and provide for highquality day care, afterschool activities, summer activities, job training and assistance, elder care, and disaster recovery. (6) Individuals often need support, services, or both when suffering emotional distress, having suicidal thoughts or behavior, contemplating violence, or using drugs or alcohol. A Comptroller General report on charitable aid following the terrorist attacks found that families of victims generally believed they had to navigate a maze of service providers in the early months and that good information about and easy access to available assistance could help survivors in the recovery process. 247d3a), as added by section 131 of the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 (Public Law 107188). (1) Requirement. A State may not be awarded a grant under this section unless the State ensures that at least 50 percent of the resources of the program funded by the grant will be derived from other sources. (1) In general. An entity shall be treated as the 211 Collaborative for a State under this subsection if the entity (A) exists for such purpose under State law; (B) exists for such purpose by order of the State public utility commission; or (C) is a collaborative entity established by the State for such purpose from among representatives of (i) an informal existing 211 statewide collaborative, if any, in the State; (ii) State agencies; (iii) communitybased organizations; (iv) faithbased organizations; (v) notforprofit organizations; (vi) comprehensive and specialized information and referral providers, including current 211 call centers; (vii) foundations; and (viii) businesses. An application on behalf of a State under this subsection shall contain information as follows: (A) Information on the program to be carried out by the lead entity of the State in order to plan to make available throughout the State 211 telephone service for information and referral on human services, including information on the manner in which the lead entity will develop, sustain, and evaluate the program. (f) Subgrants. Amounts awarded as grants or subgrants under this section shall be used solely to make available 211 telephone service for community information and referral on human services, including telephone connections between families and individuals seeking such services and the providers of such services. (3) Use of funds. Of the amounts awarded under this section, an aggregate of not less than 10 percent shall be allocated for evaluation, training, and technical assistance, and for management and administration of subgrants awarded under this section. Each report shall (1) describe the program funding by the grant; and (2) assess the effectiveness of the program in making available throughout such State 211 telephone service for information and referral on human services in accordance with the provisions of this section. The term State means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act amounts as follows: (1) For fiscal year 2004, $200,000,000.