SECTION 1. If during any pay period during a Congress a Government shutdown is in effect or the public debt limit is reached, the payroll administrator of a House of Congress shall (1) withhold from the payments otherwise required to be made with respect to the pay period for the compensation of each Member of Congress who serves in that House of Congress an amount equal to the product of (A) an amount equal to one day's worth of pay under the annual rate of pay applicable to the Member under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U. 31) for the pay period; and (B) the number of 24hour periods during which the Government shutdown is in effect or the public debt limit is reached (as the case may be) which occur during the pay period; and (2) deposit in an escrow account all amounts withheld under paragraph (1). (b) Transfer to Secretary of the Treasury at End of the Congress. 31); and (2) the payroll administrator of a House of Congress means (A) in the case of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Officer to carry out this section; and (B) in the case of the Senate, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Secretary to carry out this section. WITHHOLDING OF PAY OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT IF GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN OCCURS OR PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT IS REACHED. (b) Role of Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury shall provide the White House Office with such assistance as may be necessary to enable the White House Office to carry out this section. Any amounts transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction. For purposes of this Act, a Government shutdown shall be considered to be in effect if there is a lapse in appropriations for any Federal agency or department as a result of a failure to enact a regular appropriations bill or continuing resolution. (b) Public Debt Limit. For purposes of this Act, the public debt limit shall be considered to be reached if the Federal Government is unable to make payments or meet obligations because the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, has been reached.SECTION 1. If during any pay period during a Congress a Government shutdown is in effect or the public debt limit is reached, the payroll administrator of a House of Congress shall (1) withhold from the payments otherwise required to be made with respect to the pay period for the compensation of each Member of Congress who serves in that House of Congress an amount equal to the product of (A) an amount equal to one day's worth of pay under the annual rate of pay applicable to the Member under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U. 31) for the pay period; and (B) the number of 24hour periods during which the Government shutdown is in effect or the public debt limit is reached (as the case may be) which occur during the pay period; and (2) deposit in an escrow account all amounts withheld under paragraph (1). (b) Transfer to Secretary of the Treasury at End of the Congress. 31); and (2) the payroll administrator of a House of Congress means (A) in the case of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Officer to carry out this section; and (B) in the case of the Senate, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Secretary to carry out this section. WITHHOLDING OF PAY OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT IF GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN OCCURS OR PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT IS REACHED. (b) Role of Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury shall provide the White House Office with such assistance as may be necessary to enable the White House Office to carry out this section. Any amounts transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction. For purposes of this Act, a Government shutdown shall be considered to be in effect if there is a lapse in appropriations for any Federal agency or department as a result of a failure to enact a regular appropriations bill or continuing resolution. (b) Public Debt Limit. For purposes of this Act, the public debt limit shall be considered to be reached if the Federal Government is unable to make payments or meet obligations because the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, has been reached.SECTION 1. If during any pay period during a Congress a Government shutdown is in effect or the public debt limit is reached, the payroll administrator of a House of Congress shall (1) withhold from the payments otherwise required to be made with respect to the pay period for the compensation of each Member of Congress who serves in that House of Congress an amount equal to the product of (A) an amount equal to one day's worth of pay under the annual rate of pay applicable to the Member under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U. 31) for the pay period; and (B) the number of 24hour periods during which the Government shutdown is in effect or the public debt limit is reached (as the case may be) which occur during the pay period; and (2) deposit in an escrow account all amounts withheld under paragraph (1). (b) Transfer to Secretary of the Treasury at End of the Congress. 31); and (2) the payroll administrator of a House of Congress means (A) in the case of the House of Representatives, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, or an employee of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer who is designated by the Chief Administrative Officer to carry out this section; and (B) in the case of the Senate, the Secretary of the Senate, or an employee of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate who is designated by the Secretary to carry out this section. WITHHOLDING OF PAY OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT IF GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN OCCURS OR PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT IS REACHED. (b) Role of Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury shall provide the White House Office with such assistance as may be necessary to enable the White House Office to carry out this section. Any amounts transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction. For purposes of this Act, a Government shutdown shall be considered to be in effect if there is a lapse in appropriations for any Federal agency or department as a result of a failure to enact a regular appropriations bill or continuing resolution. (b) Public Debt Limit. For purposes of this Act, the public debt limit shall be considered to be reached if the Federal Government is unable to make payments or meet obligations because the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, has been reached.