This Act may be cited as the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act of 2008. SEC. ) is amended by inserting after section 498C the following: SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including any regulation or guidance), the Secretary shall conduct and support research that utilizes human embryonic stem cells (regardless of the date on which the stem cells were derived from a human embryo). Human embryonic stem cells shall be eligible for use in any research conducted or supported by the Secretary if the cells meet each of the following: (1) The stem cells were derived from human embryos that have been donated from in vitro fertilization clinics, were created for the purposes of fertility treatment, and were in excess of the clinical need of the individuals seeking such treatment. (2) Prior to the consideration of embryo donation and through consultation with the individuals seeking fertility treatment, it was determined that the embryos would never be implanted in a woman and would otherwise be discarded. GUIDELINES ON RESEARCH INVOLVING HUMAN STEM CELLS. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of NIH (1) shall issue guidelines on research involving human embryonic stem cells; and (2) may issue guidelines on research involving other human stem cells, as determined to be scientifically warranted by the Director of NIH. The Director of NIH shall determine the extent to which the guidelines under this section shall apply to research described in paragraph (1) that uses human stem cells derived before the effective date of such guidelines. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. SENSE OF CONGRESS. It is the sense of the Congress that (1) in developing, updating, and implementing the guidelines under section 498E of the Public Health Service Act, as added by section 3, the Director of the National Institutes of Health should consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs; (2) any research using human stem cells, irrespective of whether such research is federally funded, should comply with the guidelines under section 498E; and (3) the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should keep the Director of the National Institutes of Health informed of the types of human stem cell and related research that would facilitate the evaluation of the safety or effectiveness of drugs, devices, and biological products.This Act may be cited as the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act of 2008. SEC. ) is amended by inserting after section 498C the following: SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including any regulation or guidance), the Secretary shall conduct and support research that utilizes human embryonic stem cells (regardless of the date on which the stem cells were derived from a human embryo). Human embryonic stem cells shall be eligible for use in any research conducted or supported by the Secretary if the cells meet each of the following: (1) The stem cells were derived from human embryos that have been donated from in vitro fertilization clinics, were created for the purposes of fertility treatment, and were in excess of the clinical need of the individuals seeking such treatment. (2) Prior to the consideration of embryo donation and through consultation with the individuals seeking fertility treatment, it was determined that the embryos would never be implanted in a woman and would otherwise be discarded. GUIDELINES ON RESEARCH INVOLVING HUMAN STEM CELLS. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of NIH (1) shall issue guidelines on research involving human embryonic stem cells; and (2) may issue guidelines on research involving other human stem cells, as determined to be scientifically warranted by the Director of NIH. The Director of NIH shall determine the extent to which the guidelines under this section shall apply to research described in paragraph (1) that uses human stem cells derived before the effective date of such guidelines. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. SENSE OF CONGRESS. It is the sense of the Congress that (1) in developing, updating, and implementing the guidelines under section 498E of the Public Health Service Act, as added by section 3, the Director of the National Institutes of Health should consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs; (2) any research using human stem cells, irrespective of whether such research is federally funded, should comply with the guidelines under section 498E; and (3) the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should keep the Director of the National Institutes of Health informed of the types of human stem cell and related research that would facilitate the evaluation of the safety or effectiveness of drugs, devices, and biological products.This Act may be cited as the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act of 2008. SEC. ) is amended by inserting after section 498C the following: SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including any regulation or guidance), the Secretary shall conduct and support research that utilizes human embryonic stem cells (regardless of the date on which the stem cells were derived from a human embryo). Human embryonic stem cells shall be eligible for use in any research conducted or supported by the Secretary if the cells meet each of the following: (1) The stem cells were derived from human embryos that have been donated from in vitro fertilization clinics, were created for the purposes of fertility treatment, and were in excess of the clinical need of the individuals seeking such treatment. (2) Prior to the consideration of embryo donation and through consultation with the individuals seeking fertility treatment, it was determined that the embryos would never be implanted in a woman and would otherwise be discarded. GUIDELINES ON RESEARCH INVOLVING HUMAN STEM CELLS. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of NIH (1) shall issue guidelines on research involving human embryonic stem cells; and (2) may issue guidelines on research involving other human stem cells, as determined to be scientifically warranted by the Director of NIH. The Director of NIH shall determine the extent to which the guidelines under this section shall apply to research described in paragraph (1) that uses human stem cells derived before the effective date of such guidelines. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. SENSE OF CONGRESS. It is the sense of the Congress that (1) in developing, updating, and implementing the guidelines under section 498E of the Public Health Service Act, as added by section 3, the Director of the National Institutes of Health should consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs; (2) any research using human stem cells, irrespective of whether such research is federally funded, should comply with the guidelines under section 498E; and (3) the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should keep the Director of the National Institutes of Health informed of the types of human stem cell and related research that would facilitate the evaluation of the safety or effectiveness of drugs, devices, and biological products.