SECTION 1. 2. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL TAX CREDIT. Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating section 36 as section 37 and by inserting after section 35 the following new section: SEC. A taxpayer may elect not to have this section apply with respect to the qualified tuition expenses of an individual for any taxable year. (C) Exception for nonacademic fees. Such term shall include tuition expenses described in subparagraph (A) with respect to any course of instruction at an eligible educational institution to acquire or improve job skills. S. 1088), as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, and (B) which is eligible to participate in a program under title IV of such Act. (d) Special Rules. No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) to a taxpayer with respect to the qualified tuition expenses of an individual unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such individual on the return of tax for the taxable year. The amount of qualified tuition expenses otherwise taken into account under subsection (a) with respect to an individual for an academic period shall be reduced by the sum of any amounts paid for the benefit of such individual which are allocable to such period as (A) a qualified scholarship which is excludable from gross income under section 117, (B) an educational assistance allowance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or under chapter 1606 of title 10, United States Code, and (C) a payment (other than a gift, bequest, devise, or inheritance within the meaning of section 102(a)) for such individual`s educational expenses, or attributable to such individual's enrollment at an eligible educational institution, which is excludable from gross income under any law of the United States. (c) Conforming Amendments. (2) Section 6213(g)(2)(J) of such Code is amended by inserting or section 36(d)(1) after expenses).SECTION 1. 2. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL TAX CREDIT. Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating section 36 as section 37 and by inserting after section 35 the following new section: SEC. A taxpayer may elect not to have this section apply with respect to the qualified tuition expenses of an individual for any taxable year. (C) Exception for nonacademic fees. Such term shall include tuition expenses described in subparagraph (A) with respect to any course of instruction at an eligible educational institution to acquire or improve job skills. S. 1088), as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, and (B) which is eligible to participate in a program under title IV of such Act. (d) Special Rules. No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) to a taxpayer with respect to the qualified tuition expenses of an individual unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such individual on the return of tax for the taxable year. The amount of qualified tuition expenses otherwise taken into account under subsection (a) with respect to an individual for an academic period shall be reduced by the sum of any amounts paid for the benefit of such individual which are allocable to such period as (A) a qualified scholarship which is excludable from gross income under section 117, (B) an educational assistance allowance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or under chapter 1606 of title 10, United States Code, and (C) a payment (other than a gift, bequest, devise, or inheritance within the meaning of section 102(a)) for such individual`s educational expenses, or attributable to such individual's enrollment at an eligible educational institution, which is excludable from gross income under any law of the United States. (c) Conforming Amendments. (2) Section 6213(g)(2)(J) of such Code is amended by inserting or section 36(d)(1) after expenses).SECTION 1. 2. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL TAX CREDIT. Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating section 36 as section 37 and by inserting after section 35 the following new section: SEC. A taxpayer may elect not to have this section apply with respect to the qualified tuition expenses of an individual for any taxable year. (C) Exception for nonacademic fees. Such term shall include tuition expenses described in subparagraph (A) with respect to any course of instruction at an eligible educational institution to acquire or improve job skills. S. 1088), as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, and (B) which is eligible to participate in a program under title IV of such Act. (d) Special Rules. No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) to a taxpayer with respect to the qualified tuition expenses of an individual unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such individual on the return of tax for the taxable year. The amount of qualified tuition expenses otherwise taken into account under subsection (a) with respect to an individual for an academic period shall be reduced by the sum of any amounts paid for the benefit of such individual which are allocable to such period as (A) a qualified scholarship which is excludable from gross income under section 117, (B) an educational assistance allowance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or under chapter 1606 of title 10, United States Code, and (C) a payment (other than a gift, bequest, devise, or inheritance within the meaning of section 102(a)) for such individual`s educational expenses, or attributable to such individual's enrollment at an eligible educational institution, which is excludable from gross income under any law of the United States. (c) Conforming Amendments. (2) Section 6213(g)(2)(J) of such Code is amended by inserting or section 36(d)(1) after expenses).