2. Subsection (o) of section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U. 207) is amended (1) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: (1) An employee may receive, in accordance with this subsection and in lieu of monetary overtime compensation, compensatory time off at a rate not less than one and onehalf hours for each hour of employment for which overtime compensation is required by this section. An employer may provide compensatory time under paragraph (1) to an employee who is not an employee of a public agency only if such agreement or understanding was not a condition of employment. (3) An employer which is not a public agency and which provides compensatory time under paragraph (1) to employees shall not directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, or coerce or attempt to intimidate, threaten, or coerce any employee for the purpose of (A) interfering with such employee's rights under this subsection to request or not request compensatory time off in lieu of payment of overtime compensation for overtime hours; or (B) requiring any employee to use such compensatory time. (4)(A) An employee, who is not an employee of a public agency, may accrue not more than 240 hours of compensatory time. An employer may designate and communicate to the employer's employees a 12month period other than the calendar year, in which case such compensation shall be provided not later than 31 days after the end of such 12month period. Such compensation shall be provided at the rate prescribed by paragraph (6). (iii) An employer which has adopted a policy offering compensatory time to employees may discontinue such policy upon giving employees 30 days notice. (C) An employee may also request in writing that monetary compensation be provided, at any time, for all compensatory time accrued which has not yet been used. Any such employee who, after April 15, 1986, has accrued 480 or 240 hours, as the case may be, of compensatory time off shall, for additional overtime hours of work, be paid overtime compensation. ; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively. REMEDIES. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall revise the materials the Secretary provides, under regulations published at 29 C.2. Subsection (o) of section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U. 207) is amended (1) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: (1) An employee may receive, in accordance with this subsection and in lieu of monetary overtime compensation, compensatory time off at a rate not less than one and onehalf hours for each hour of employment for which overtime compensation is required by this section. An employer may provide compensatory time under paragraph (1) to an employee who is not an employee of a public agency only if such agreement or understanding was not a condition of employment. (3) An employer which is not a public agency and which provides compensatory time under paragraph (1) to employees shall not directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, or coerce or attempt to intimidate, threaten, or coerce any employee for the purpose of (A) interfering with such employee's rights under this subsection to request or not request compensatory time off in lieu of payment of overtime compensation for overtime hours; or (B) requiring any employee to use such compensatory time. (4)(A) An employee, who is not an employee of a public agency, may accrue not more than 240 hours of compensatory time. An employer may designate and communicate to the employer's employees a 12month period other than the calendar year, in which case such compensation shall be provided not later than 31 days after the end of such 12month period. Such compensation shall be provided at the rate prescribed by paragraph (6). (iii) An employer which has adopted a policy offering compensatory time to employees may discontinue such policy upon giving employees 30 days notice. (C) An employee may also request in writing that monetary compensation be provided, at any time, for all compensatory time accrued which has not yet been used. Any such employee who, after April 15, 1986, has accrued 480 or 240 hours, as the case may be, of compensatory time off shall, for additional overtime hours of work, be paid overtime compensation. ; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively. REMEDIES. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall revise the materials the Secretary provides, under regulations published at 29 C.2. Subsection (o) of section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U. 207) is amended (1) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: (1) An employee may receive, in accordance with this subsection and in lieu of monetary overtime compensation, compensatory time off at a rate not less than one and onehalf hours for each hour of employment for which overtime compensation is required by this section. An employer may provide compensatory time under paragraph (1) to an employee who is not an employee of a public agency only if such agreement or understanding was not a condition of employment. (3) An employer which is not a public agency and which provides compensatory time under paragraph (1) to employees shall not directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, or coerce or attempt to intimidate, threaten, or coerce any employee for the purpose of (A) interfering with such employee's rights under this subsection to request or not request compensatory time off in lieu of payment of overtime compensation for overtime hours; or (B) requiring any employee to use such compensatory time. (4)(A) An employee, who is not an employee of a public agency, may accrue not more than 240 hours of compensatory time. An employer may designate and communicate to the employer's employees a 12month period other than the calendar year, in which case such compensation shall be provided not later than 31 days after the end of such 12month period. Such compensation shall be provided at the rate prescribed by paragraph (6). (iii) An employer which has adopted a policy offering compensatory time to employees may discontinue such policy upon giving employees 30 days notice. (C) An employee may also request in writing that monetary compensation be provided, at any time, for all compensatory time accrued which has not yet been used. Any such employee who, after April 15, 1986, has accrued 480 or 240 hours, as the case may be, of compensatory time off shall, for additional overtime hours of work, be paid overtime compensation. ; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively. REMEDIES. Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall revise the materials the Secretary provides, under regulations published at 29 C.