Chapter 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to environmental taxes) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subchapter: Subchapter ECarbon Tax on Primary Fossil Fuels Sec. 4691. Sec. There is hereby imposed a tax at the rate specified in subsection (b) on coal sold by the producer or importer thereof. (b) Rate of Tax. Except as provided in paragraph (2), the rate of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be $18 per ton. . . (2) Ton. TAX ON PETROLEUM. (b) Taxable Event. (2) Phasein. The rate of the tax imposed by subsection Effective during (a) shall be the fol calendar year: lowing amount per barrel: 1994. . (2) Barrel. The term `barrel' means 42 United States gallons. TAX ON NATURAL GAS. If (A) any domestic natural gas is used in or exported from the United States, and (B) before such use or exportation, no tax was imposed on such natural gas under subsection (a), then a tax at the rate specified in subsection (c) is hereby imposed on such natural gas. Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any use of natural gas for extracting oil or natural gas on the premises where such natural gas was produced. (c) Rate of Tax. . . (2) Importation. The tax imposed by subsection (b) shall be paid by the person using or exporting the natural gas, as the case may be. The term `natural gas' includes any natural gas liquid which is not treated as petroleum for purposes of the tax imposed by section 4692. The terms `United States' and `premises' have the respective meanings given such terms by section 4612(a). (6) Fractional part of mcf. Rules similar to the rules of subsections (b), (c), and (e) of section 4612 shall apply to the tax imposed by this section. Each rate of tax which would otherwise be in effect under this subchapter during any calendar year after 1994 shall be increased by the percentage (if any) by which (1) the CPI for the preceding calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(4)), exceeds (2) the CPI for calendar year 1993 (as so defined). Any increase under subsection (a) shall be rounded (1) to the nearest multiple of 10 cents in the case of a rate in effect under section 4691, (2) to the nearest multiple of 1 cent in the case of a rate in effect under section 4692, and (3) to the nearest multiple of 1/10 cent in the case of a rate in effect under section 4693. (b) Clerical Amendment.Chapter 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to environmental taxes) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subchapter: Subchapter ECarbon Tax on Primary Fossil Fuels Sec. 4691. Sec. There is hereby imposed a tax at the rate specified in subsection (b) on coal sold by the producer or importer thereof. (b) Rate of Tax. Except as provided in paragraph (2), the rate of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be $18 per ton. . . (2) Ton. TAX ON PETROLEUM. (b) Taxable Event. (2) Phasein. The rate of the tax imposed by subsection Effective during (a) shall be the fol calendar year: lowing amount per barrel: 1994. . (2) Barrel. The term `barrel' means 42 United States gallons. TAX ON NATURAL GAS. If (A) any domestic natural gas is used in or exported from the United States, and (B) before such use or exportation, no tax was imposed on such natural gas under subsection (a), then a tax at the rate specified in subsection (c) is hereby imposed on such natural gas. Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any use of natural gas for extracting oil or natural gas on the premises where such natural gas was produced. (c) Rate of Tax. . . (2) Importation. The tax imposed by subsection (b) shall be paid by the person using or exporting the natural gas, as the case may be. The term `natural gas' includes any natural gas liquid which is not treated as petroleum for purposes of the tax imposed by section 4692. The terms `United States' and `premises' have the respective meanings given such terms by section 4612(a). (6) Fractional part of mcf. Rules similar to the rules of subsections (b), (c), and (e) of section 4612 shall apply to the tax imposed by this section. Each rate of tax which would otherwise be in effect under this subchapter during any calendar year after 1994 shall be increased by the percentage (if any) by which (1) the CPI for the preceding calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(4)), exceeds (2) the CPI for calendar year 1993 (as so defined). Any increase under subsection (a) shall be rounded (1) to the nearest multiple of 10 cents in the case of a rate in effect under section 4691, (2) to the nearest multiple of 1 cent in the case of a rate in effect under section 4692, and (3) to the nearest multiple of 1/10 cent in the case of a rate in effect under section 4693. (b) Clerical Amendment.Chapter 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to environmental taxes) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subchapter: Subchapter ECarbon Tax on Primary Fossil Fuels Sec. 4691. Sec. There is hereby imposed a tax at the rate specified in subsection (b) on coal sold by the producer or importer thereof. (b) Rate of Tax. Except as provided in paragraph (2), the rate of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be $18 per ton. . . (2) Ton. TAX ON PETROLEUM. (b) Taxable Event. (2) Phasein. The rate of the tax imposed by subsection Effective during (a) shall be the fol calendar year: lowing amount per barrel: 1994. . (2) Barrel. The term `barrel' means 42 United States gallons. TAX ON NATURAL GAS. If (A) any domestic natural gas is used in or exported from the United States, and (B) before such use or exportation, no tax was imposed on such natural gas under subsection (a), then a tax at the rate specified in subsection (c) is hereby imposed on such natural gas. Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any use of natural gas for extracting oil or natural gas on the premises where such natural gas was produced. (c) Rate of Tax. . . (2) Importation. The tax imposed by subsection (b) shall be paid by the person using or exporting the natural gas, as the case may be. The term `natural gas' includes any natural gas liquid which is not treated as petroleum for purposes of the tax imposed by section 4692. The terms `United States' and `premises' have the respective meanings given such terms by section 4612(a). (6) Fractional part of mcf. Rules similar to the rules of subsections (b), (c), and (e) of section 4612 shall apply to the tax imposed by this section. Each rate of tax which would otherwise be in effect under this subchapter during any calendar year after 1994 shall be increased by the percentage (if any) by which (1) the CPI for the preceding calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(4)), exceeds (2) the CPI for calendar year 1993 (as so defined). Any increase under subsection (a) shall be rounded (1) to the nearest multiple of 10 cents in the case of a rate in effect under section 4691, (2) to the nearest multiple of 1 cent in the case of a rate in effect under section 4692, and (3) to the nearest multiple of 1/10 cent in the case of a rate in effect under section 4693. (b) Clerical Amendment.