SECTION 1. (a) Official Inspection and Weighing Requirements. Section 5(a)(2) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U. S. C. 77(a)(2)) is amended in the proviso by striking intracompany shipments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation, grain transferred into an export elevator by transportation modes other than barge, and inserting shipments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation. (2) Disruption in grain inspection or weighing. In the case of a disruption in official grain inspections or weighings, including if the Secretary waives the requirement for official inspection due to an emergency under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall (1) immediately take such actions as are necessary to address the disruption and resume inspections or weighings; (2) not later than 24 hours after the start of the disruption in inspection or weighing, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes (A) the disruption; and (B) any actions necessary to address the concerns of the Secretary relating to the disruption so that inspections or weighings may resume; and (3) once the initial report in paragraph (2) has been made, provide daily updates until official inspection or weighing services at the site of disruption have resumed. (b) Official Inspection Authority and Funding. (A) In general. Every 5 years, the Secretary shall certify that each State agency with a delegation of authority is meeting the criteria described in subsection (f)(1)(A). Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the United States Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall establish a process for certification under which the Secretary shall (I) publish in the Federal Register notice of intent to certify a State agency and provide a 30day period for public comment; (II) evaluate the public comments received and, in accordance with paragraph (3), conduct an investigation to determine whether the State agency is qualified; (III) make findings based on the public comments received and investigation conducted; and (IV) publish in the Federal Register a notice announcing whether the certification has been granted and describing the basis on which the Secretary made the decision. If a State agency that has been delegated authority under this paragraph intends to temporarily discontinue official inspection or weighing services for any reason, except in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intention of the State agency to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinuation date. S. 79(g)(1)) is amended by striking triennially and inserting every 5 years. Fees described in this paragraph; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: (D) Export tonnage fees. For an official inspection at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes. ; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: (4) Adjustment of fees. The Secretary; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) the second sentence, by striking The fees and inserting the following: (B) Amount of fees. For an official weighing at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes. 79d) is amended by striking 2015 and inserting 2020.SECTION 1. (a) Official Inspection and Weighing Requirements. Section 5(a)(2) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U. S. C. 77(a)(2)) is amended in the proviso by striking intracompany shipments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation, grain transferred into an export elevator by transportation modes other than barge, and inserting shipments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation. (2) Disruption in grain inspection or weighing. In the case of a disruption in official grain inspections or weighings, including if the Secretary waives the requirement for official inspection due to an emergency under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall (1) immediately take such actions as are necessary to address the disruption and resume inspections or weighings; (2) not later than 24 hours after the start of the disruption in inspection or weighing, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes (A) the disruption; and (B) any actions necessary to address the concerns of the Secretary relating to the disruption so that inspections or weighings may resume; and (3) once the initial report in paragraph (2) has been made, provide daily updates until official inspection or weighing services at the site of disruption have resumed. (b) Official Inspection Authority and Funding. (A) In general. Every 5 years, the Secretary shall certify that each State agency with a delegation of authority is meeting the criteria described in subsection (f)(1)(A). Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the United States Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall establish a process for certification under which the Secretary shall (I) publish in the Federal Register notice of intent to certify a State agency and provide a 30day period for public comment; (II) evaluate the public comments received and, in accordance with paragraph (3), conduct an investigation to determine whether the State agency is qualified; (III) make findings based on the public comments received and investigation conducted; and (IV) publish in the Federal Register a notice announcing whether the certification has been granted and describing the basis on which the Secretary made the decision. If a State agency that has been delegated authority under this paragraph intends to temporarily discontinue official inspection or weighing services for any reason, except in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intention of the State agency to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinuation date. S. 79(g)(1)) is amended by striking triennially and inserting every 5 years. Fees described in this paragraph; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: (D) Export tonnage fees. For an official inspection at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes. ; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: (4) Adjustment of fees. The Secretary; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) the second sentence, by striking The fees and inserting the following: (B) Amount of fees. For an official weighing at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes. 79d) is amended by striking 2015 and inserting 2020.SECTION 1. (a) Official Inspection and Weighing Requirements. Section 5(a)(2) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U. S. C. 77(a)(2)) is amended in the proviso by striking intracompany shipments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation, grain transferred into an export elevator by transportation modes other than barge, and inserting shipments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation. (2) Disruption in grain inspection or weighing. In the case of a disruption in official grain inspections or weighings, including if the Secretary waives the requirement for official inspection due to an emergency under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall (1) immediately take such actions as are necessary to address the disruption and resume inspections or weighings; (2) not later than 24 hours after the start of the disruption in inspection or weighing, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes (A) the disruption; and (B) any actions necessary to address the concerns of the Secretary relating to the disruption so that inspections or weighings may resume; and (3) once the initial report in paragraph (2) has been made, provide daily updates until official inspection or weighing services at the site of disruption have resumed. (b) Official Inspection Authority and Funding. (A) In general. Every 5 years, the Secretary shall certify that each State agency with a delegation of authority is meeting the criteria described in subsection (f)(1)(A). Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the United States Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall establish a process for certification under which the Secretary shall (I) publish in the Federal Register notice of intent to certify a State agency and provide a 30day period for public comment; (II) evaluate the public comments received and, in accordance with paragraph (3), conduct an investigation to determine whether the State agency is qualified; (III) make findings based on the public comments received and investigation conducted; and (IV) publish in the Federal Register a notice announcing whether the certification has been granted and describing the basis on which the Secretary made the decision. If a State agency that has been delegated authority under this paragraph intends to temporarily discontinue official inspection or weighing services for any reason, except in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intention of the State agency to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinuation date. S. 79(g)(1)) is amended by striking triennially and inserting every 5 years. Fees described in this paragraph; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: (D) Export tonnage fees. For an official inspection at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes. ; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: (4) Adjustment of fees. The Secretary; (B) in paragraph (1) (i) the second sentence, by striking The fees and inserting the following: (B) Amount of fees. For an official weighing at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes. 79d) is amended by striking 2015 and inserting 2020.