SECTION 1. SEC. 2. 1431(b)) is amended to read as follows: (b) Citizenship for Children Adopted From Outside the United States. A child born outside the United States automatically becomes a citizen of the United States if the Secretary of State is satisfied that all of the following conditions are met: (A) The child is adopted by a parent who is a citizen of the United States. (D) Prior to the adoption, the child was an unmarried individual younger than 18 years of age (i)(I) whose biological parents (or parent, in the case of an individual who has 1 sole or surviving parent) or other person or institution that retains legal custody of the individual (aa) have freely given their written irrevocable consent to the termination of their legal relationship with the individual, and to the individual's emigration and adoption and that such consent has not been induced by payment or compensation of any kind and has not been given prior to the birth of the individual; (bb) are unable to provide proper care for the individual, as determined by the competent authority of the individual's residence; or (cc) have voluntarily relinquished the individual to the competent authorities pursuant to the law of the individual's residence; or (II) who, as determined by the competent authority of the individual's residence (aa) has been abandoned or deserted by the individual's biological parents or legal guardian; or (bb) has been orphaned due to the death or disappearance of the individual's biological parents or legal guardian; and (ii) with respect to whom the Secretary of State (I) is satisfied that the proper care will be furnished the individual if admitted to the United States; (II) is satisfied that the purpose of the adoption is to form a bona fide parentchild relationship and that the parentchild relationship of the individual and the biological parents has been terminated (and in carrying out both obligations under this subparagraph, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may consider whether there is a petition pending to confer immigrant status on 1 or both of the biological parents); (III) is satisfied that there has been no inducement, financial or otherwise, offered to obtain the consent nor was it given before the birth of the individual; and (IV) in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is satisfied that the individual is not a security risk. (2) Citizenship from birth. (3) Special rule for adoptees who are older than 18 years of age. (A) In general. 1431) is amended to read as follows: children born outside the united states; conditions under which citizenship is acquired. (2) Section 301 of the immigration and nationality act. 3. 1101(a)(15)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (U), by striking or at the end; (2) in subparagraph (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (W) an individual brought to the United States as a child to be adopted by a citizen of the United States. (b) Covered Individual Defined.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. 1431(b)) is amended to read as follows: (b) Citizenship for Children Adopted From Outside the United States. A child born outside the United States automatically becomes a citizen of the United States if the Secretary of State is satisfied that all of the following conditions are met: (A) The child is adopted by a parent who is a citizen of the United States. (D) Prior to the adoption, the child was an unmarried individual younger than 18 years of age (i)(I) whose biological parents (or parent, in the case of an individual who has 1 sole or surviving parent) or other person or institution that retains legal custody of the individual (aa) have freely given their written irrevocable consent to the termination of their legal relationship with the individual, and to the individual's emigration and adoption and that such consent has not been induced by payment or compensation of any kind and has not been given prior to the birth of the individual; (bb) are unable to provide proper care for the individual, as determined by the competent authority of the individual's residence; or (cc) have voluntarily relinquished the individual to the competent authorities pursuant to the law of the individual's residence; or (II) who, as determined by the competent authority of the individual's residence (aa) has been abandoned or deserted by the individual's biological parents or legal guardian; or (bb) has been orphaned due to the death or disappearance of the individual's biological parents or legal guardian; and (ii) with respect to whom the Secretary of State (I) is satisfied that the proper care will be furnished the individual if admitted to the United States; (II) is satisfied that the purpose of the adoption is to form a bona fide parentchild relationship and that the parentchild relationship of the individual and the biological parents has been terminated (and in carrying out both obligations under this subparagraph, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may consider whether there is a petition pending to confer immigrant status on 1 or both of the biological parents); (III) is satisfied that there has been no inducement, financial or otherwise, offered to obtain the consent nor was it given before the birth of the individual; and (IV) in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is satisfied that the individual is not a security risk. (2) Citizenship from birth. (3) Special rule for adoptees who are older than 18 years of age. (A) In general. 1431) is amended to read as follows: children born outside the united states; conditions under which citizenship is acquired. (2) Section 301 of the immigration and nationality act. 3. 1101(a)(15)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (U), by striking or at the end; (2) in subparagraph (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (W) an individual brought to the United States as a child to be adopted by a citizen of the United States. (b) Covered Individual Defined.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. 1431(b)) is amended to read as follows: (b) Citizenship for Children Adopted From Outside the United States. A child born outside the United States automatically becomes a citizen of the United States if the Secretary of State is satisfied that all of the following conditions are met: (A) The child is adopted by a parent who is a citizen of the United States. (D) Prior to the adoption, the child was an unmarried individual younger than 18 years of age (i)(I) whose biological parents (or parent, in the case of an individual who has 1 sole or surviving parent) or other person or institution that retains legal custody of the individual (aa) have freely given their written irrevocable consent to the termination of their legal relationship with the individual, and to the individual's emigration and adoption and that such consent has not been induced by payment or compensation of any kind and has not been given prior to the birth of the individual; (bb) are unable to provide proper care for the individual, as determined by the competent authority of the individual's residence; or (cc) have voluntarily relinquished the individual to the competent authorities pursuant to the law of the individual's residence; or (II) who, as determined by the competent authority of the individual's residence (aa) has been abandoned or deserted by the individual's biological parents or legal guardian; or (bb) has been orphaned due to the death or disappearance of the individual's biological parents or legal guardian; and (ii) with respect to whom the Secretary of State (I) is satisfied that the proper care will be furnished the individual if admitted to the United States; (II) is satisfied that the purpose of the adoption is to form a bona fide parentchild relationship and that the parentchild relationship of the individual and the biological parents has been terminated (and in carrying out both obligations under this subparagraph, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may consider whether there is a petition pending to confer immigrant status on 1 or both of the biological parents); (III) is satisfied that there has been no inducement, financial or otherwise, offered to obtain the consent nor was it given before the birth of the individual; and (IV) in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is satisfied that the individual is not a security risk. (2) Citizenship from birth. (3) Special rule for adoptees who are older than 18 years of age. (A) In general. 1431) is amended to read as follows: children born outside the united states; conditions under which citizenship is acquired. (2) Section 301 of the immigration and nationality act. 3. 1101(a)(15)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (U), by striking or at the end; (2) in subparagraph (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (W) an individual brought to the United States as a child to be adopted by a citizen of the United States. (b) Covered Individual Defined.