In this Act, the term comprehensive health access district means a community in which unemployment and the percentage of residents with incomes below the poverty line are greater than the national average, and in which a majority of the following conditions occur at rates greater than the national average: (1) Infant mortality and low birthweight babies. (3) Hospitalization for preventable illnesses and conditions that may be managed successfully on an outpatient basis, such as otitis media, diabetes, and hypertension. (5) Accidental injury. In this Act, the terms comprehensive communitybased health access plan and health access plan mean an entity that provides health care services on a prepaid, capitated basis or any other risk basis and that the Secretary has certified meets all the requirements contained in section 5. 1396a(a)) is amended (1) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (65) and inserting ; and, and (2) by inserting after paragraph (65) the following new paragraph: (66) provide that each comprehensive health access district located within the State is served by a comprehensive communitybased health access district plan (as such terms are defined in section 2 of the Comprehensive Health Access District Act). HEALTH ALLIANCE OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH ACCESS DISTRICTS. SEC 5. A health access plan shall provide, either directly or through arrangements with providers, the following basic benefits: (A) Hospital services, including inpatient, outpatient and 24hour emergency services. (D) Medical care other than physicians' services recognized under State law and furnished by licensed practitioners within the scope of their practice as defined by State law. (G) Preventive health care services (including children's eye and ear examinations to determine the need for vision and hearing correction, well child services, immunizations against vaccinepreventable diseases, and screening for elevated blood lead levels). In addition to providing the services described in paragraph (1), a health access plan shall (A) identify the most frequent causes of morbidity and mortality in the comprehensive health access district (such as acquired immune deficiency syndrome, tuberculosis, mental illness, substance abuse and addiction, childhood developmental disorders (particularly those caused by children's exposure to violence), asthma, teen pregnancy, unhealthy behaviors (such as smoking and highfat diets), and lead poisoning); and (B) design and implement programs of prevention, early intervention, or treatment intended to ameliorate or eliminate the factors identified in subparagraph (A). A health access plan shall enter into arrangements with a sufficient number and variety of providers to guarantee that (A) the plan's enrollees have access to the services described in subsection (b); and (B) the provider network takes into account and is representative of the cultural identity and diversity of the community being served. A health access plan shall, to the extent feasible, draw upon health care providers currently serving the community, including health centers (as defined in section 330(a) of the Public Health Service Act) and hospitals operated by units of local government, in developing its service network. A health access plan shall develop new health resources in the community (such as schoolbased clinics, mobile screening programs, and clinics based in public housing) to meet needs that are not met by existing community resources. (d) Access Standards. A health access plan shall establish and maintain a quality assurance program that includes at least the following activities: (1) Treatment standards. (2) Data collection. A health access plan shall monitor morbidity and mortality within the comprehensive health access district and identify the leading causes of death and disease. A health access plan must provide for effective procedures for hearing and resolving grievances between the plan and individuals enrolled in the plan. The Secretary shall designate a community that meets the criteria set forth in section 2(a) as a comprehensive health access district and shall certify an entity that meets the requirements set forth in section 5 as a comprehensive communitybased health access plan. The Secretary shall analyze the information reported by health access plans in order to report to Congress, the plans and the public, not less often than annually, on the following: (1) The health status of persons living in comprehensive health access district (particularly those indicators listed in section 2(a)). This Act shall take effect on July 1, 2000, without regard to whether or not final regulations to carry out this Act have been promulgated by such date.In this Act, the term comprehensive health access district means a community in which unemployment and the percentage of residents with incomes below the poverty line are greater than the national average, and in which a majority of the following conditions occur at rates greater than the national average: (1) Infant mortality and low birthweight babies. (3) Hospitalization for preventable illnesses and conditions that may be managed successfully on an outpatient basis, such as otitis media, diabetes, and hypertension. (5) Accidental injury. In this Act, the terms comprehensive communitybased health access plan and health access plan mean an entity that provides health care services on a prepaid, capitated basis or any other risk basis and that the Secretary has certified meets all the requirements contained in section 5. 1396a(a)) is amended (1) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (65) and inserting ; and, and (2) by inserting after paragraph (65) the following new paragraph: (66) provide that each comprehensive health access district located within the State is served by a comprehensive communitybased health access district plan (as such terms are defined in section 2 of the Comprehensive Health Access District Act). HEALTH ALLIANCE OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH ACCESS DISTRICTS. SEC 5. A health access plan shall provide, either directly or through arrangements with providers, the following basic benefits: (A) Hospital services, including inpatient, outpatient and 24hour emergency services. (D) Medical care other than physicians' services recognized under State law and furnished by licensed practitioners within the scope of their practice as defined by State law. (G) Preventive health care services (including children's eye and ear examinations to determine the need for vision and hearing correction, well child services, immunizations against vaccinepreventable diseases, and screening for elevated blood lead levels). In addition to providing the services described in paragraph (1), a health access plan shall (A) identify the most frequent causes of morbidity and mortality in the comprehensive health access district (such as acquired immune deficiency syndrome, tuberculosis, mental illness, substance abuse and addiction, childhood developmental disorders (particularly those caused by children's exposure to violence), asthma, teen pregnancy, unhealthy behaviors (such as smoking and highfat diets), and lead poisoning); and (B) design and implement programs of prevention, early intervention, or treatment intended to ameliorate or eliminate the factors identified in subparagraph (A). A health access plan shall enter into arrangements with a sufficient number and variety of providers to guarantee that (A) the plan's enrollees have access to the services described in subsection (b); and (B) the provider network takes into account and is representative of the cultural identity and diversity of the community being served. A health access plan shall, to the extent feasible, draw upon health care providers currently serving the community, including health centers (as defined in section 330(a) of the Public Health Service Act) and hospitals operated by units of local government, in developing its service network. A health access plan shall develop new health resources in the community (such as schoolbased clinics, mobile screening programs, and clinics based in public housing) to meet needs that are not met by existing community resources. (d) Access Standards. A health access plan shall establish and maintain a quality assurance program that includes at least the following activities: (1) Treatment standards. (2) Data collection. A health access plan shall monitor morbidity and mortality within the comprehensive health access district and identify the leading causes of death and disease. A health access plan must provide for effective procedures for hearing and resolving grievances between the plan and individuals enrolled in the plan. The Secretary shall designate a community that meets the criteria set forth in section 2(a) as a comprehensive health access district and shall certify an entity that meets the requirements set forth in section 5 as a comprehensive communitybased health access plan. The Secretary shall analyze the information reported by health access plans in order to report to Congress, the plans and the public, not less often than annually, on the following: (1) The health status of persons living in comprehensive health access district (particularly those indicators listed in section 2(a)). This Act shall take effect on July 1, 2000, without regard to whether or not final regulations to carry out this Act have been promulgated by such date.In this Act, the term comprehensive health access district means a community in which unemployment and the percentage of residents with incomes below the poverty line are greater than the national average, and in which a majority of the following conditions occur at rates greater than the national average: (1) Infant mortality and low birthweight babies. (3) Hospitalization for preventable illnesses and conditions that may be managed successfully on an outpatient basis, such as otitis media, diabetes, and hypertension. (5) Accidental injury. In this Act, the terms comprehensive communitybased health access plan and health access plan mean an entity that provides health care services on a prepaid, capitated basis or any other risk basis and that the Secretary has certified meets all the requirements contained in section 5. 1396a(a)) is amended (1) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (65) and inserting ; and, and (2) by inserting after paragraph (65) the following new paragraph: (66) provide that each comprehensive health access district located within the State is served by a comprehensive communitybased health access district plan (as such terms are defined in section 2 of the Comprehensive Health Access District Act). HEALTH ALLIANCE OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH ACCESS DISTRICTS. SEC 5. A health access plan shall provide, either directly or through arrangements with providers, the following basic benefits: (A) Hospital services, including inpatient, outpatient and 24hour emergency services. (D) Medical care other than physicians' services recognized under State law and furnished by licensed practitioners within the scope of their practice as defined by State law. (G) Preventive health care services (including children's eye and ear examinations to determine the need for vision and hearing correction, well child services, immunizations against vaccinepreventable diseases, and screening for elevated blood lead levels). In addition to providing the services described in paragraph (1), a health access plan shall (A) identify the most frequent causes of morbidity and mortality in the comprehensive health access district (such as acquired immune deficiency syndrome, tuberculosis, mental illness, substance abuse and addiction, childhood developmental disorders (particularly those caused by children's exposure to violence), asthma, teen pregnancy, unhealthy behaviors (such as smoking and highfat diets), and lead poisoning); and (B) design and implement programs of prevention, early intervention, or treatment intended to ameliorate or eliminate the factors identified in subparagraph (A). A health access plan shall enter into arrangements with a sufficient number and variety of providers to guarantee that (A) the plan's enrollees have access to the services described in subsection (b); and (B) the provider network takes into account and is representative of the cultural identity and diversity of the community being served. A health access plan shall, to the extent feasible, draw upon health care providers currently serving the community, including health centers (as defined in section 330(a) of the Public Health Service Act) and hospitals operated by units of local government, in developing its service network. A health access plan shall develop new health resources in the community (such as schoolbased clinics, mobile screening programs, and clinics based in public housing) to meet needs that are not met by existing community resources. (d) Access Standards. A health access plan shall establish and maintain a quality assurance program that includes at least the following activities: (1) Treatment standards. (2) Data collection. A health access plan shall monitor morbidity and mortality within the comprehensive health access district and identify the leading causes of death and disease. A health access plan must provide for effective procedures for hearing and resolving grievances between the plan and individuals enrolled in the plan. The Secretary shall designate a community that meets the criteria set forth in section 2(a) as a comprehensive health access district and shall certify an entity that meets the requirements set forth in section 5 as a comprehensive communitybased health access plan. The Secretary shall analyze the information reported by health access plans in order to report to Congress, the plans and the public, not less often than annually, on the following: (1) The health status of persons living in comprehensive health access district (particularly those indicators listed in section 2(a)). This Act shall take effect on July 1, 2000, without regard to whether or not final regulations to carry out this Act have been promulgated by such date.