SECTION 1. (2) The legitimate privacy interests of individuals and their families have been violated by photographers, videographers, and audio recorders who physically trespass in order to capture images or other reproductions of their private lives for commercial purposes, or who do so constructively through intrusive modern visual or auditory enhancement devices, such as powerful telephoto lenses and hyperbolic microphones that enable invasion of private areas that would otherwise be impossible without trespassing. (4) Federal legislation is necessary to protect individuals and their families from persistent following or chasing for commercial purposes that causes reasonable fear of bodily injury, because such harassment is not directly regulated by applicable Federal, State, and local statutory or common laws, because those laws provide an uneven patchwork of coverage, and because those laws may not cover such activities when undertaken for commercial purposes. (5) Federal legislation is necessary to prohibit and provide proper redress in Federal courts for trespass and constructive trespass using intrusive visual or auditory enhancement devices for commercial purposes, because technological advances such as telephoto lenses and hyperbolic microphones render inadequate existing common law and State and local regulation of such trespass and invasion of privacy. (6) There is no right, under the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States, to persistently follow or chase another in a manner that creates a reasonable fear of bodily injury, to trespass, or to constructively trespass through the use of intrusive visual or auditory enhancement devices. (10) Because this Act regulates only conduct undertaken in order to create products intended to be and routinely transmitted, bought, or sold in interstate or foreign commerce, or persons who travel in interstate or foreign commerce in order to engage in regulated conduct, the Act is limited properly to regulation of interstate or foreign commerce. (15) The activities regulated by this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, substantially affect interstate commerce by restricting the movement of persons who are targeted by such activities and their families, often forcing them to curtail travel or appearances in public spaces, or, conversely, forcing them to travel in interstate commerce in order to escape from abuses regulated by this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. The purposes of this Act are (1) to protect individuals and their families against reasonable fear of bodily injury, endangerment, trespass, and intrusions on their privacy due to activities undertaken in connection with interstate and international commerce in reproduction and broadcast of their private activities; (2) to protect interstate commerce affected by such activities, including the interstate commerce of individuals who are the subject of such activities; and (3) to establish the right of private parties injured by such activities, as well as the Attorney General of the United States and State attorneys general in appropriate cases, to bring actions for appropriate relief. SEC. 3. CRIMINAL OFFENSE. (2) Harasses. The term `harasses' means persistently physically follows or chases a person in a manner that causes the person to have a reasonable fear of bodily injury, in order to capture by a visual or auditory recording instrument any type of visual image, sound recording, or other physical impression of the person for commercial purposes. (b) Prohibition and Penalties. Whoever harasses any person within the United States or the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States (1) if death is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not less than 20 years and fined under this title; (2) if serious bodily injury is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not less than 5 years and fined under this title; and (3) if neither death nor serious bodily injury is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not more than 1 year, fined under this title, or both. (e) Use of Images. Any person who is legally present in the United States who is subjected to a violation of this section may, in a civil action against the person engaging in the violation, obtain any appropriate relief, including compensatory damages, punitive damages and injunctive and declaratory relief. The prohibitions of this section do not apply with respect to official law enforcement activities.SECTION 1. (2) The legitimate privacy interests of individuals and their families have been violated by photographers, videographers, and audio recorders who physically trespass in order to capture images or other reproductions of their private lives for commercial purposes, or who do so constructively through intrusive modern visual or auditory enhancement devices, such as powerful telephoto lenses and hyperbolic microphones that enable invasion of private areas that would otherwise be impossible without trespassing. (4) Federal legislation is necessary to protect individuals and their families from persistent following or chasing for commercial purposes that causes reasonable fear of bodily injury, because such harassment is not directly regulated by applicable Federal, State, and local statutory or common laws, because those laws provide an uneven patchwork of coverage, and because those laws may not cover such activities when undertaken for commercial purposes. (5) Federal legislation is necessary to prohibit and provide proper redress in Federal courts for trespass and constructive trespass using intrusive visual or auditory enhancement devices for commercial purposes, because technological advances such as telephoto lenses and hyperbolic microphones render inadequate existing common law and State and local regulation of such trespass and invasion of privacy. (6) There is no right, under the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States, to persistently follow or chase another in a manner that creates a reasonable fear of bodily injury, to trespass, or to constructively trespass through the use of intrusive visual or auditory enhancement devices. (10) Because this Act regulates only conduct undertaken in order to create products intended to be and routinely transmitted, bought, or sold in interstate or foreign commerce, or persons who travel in interstate or foreign commerce in order to engage in regulated conduct, the Act is limited properly to regulation of interstate or foreign commerce. (15) The activities regulated by this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, substantially affect interstate commerce by restricting the movement of persons who are targeted by such activities and their families, often forcing them to curtail travel or appearances in public spaces, or, conversely, forcing them to travel in interstate commerce in order to escape from abuses regulated by this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. The purposes of this Act are (1) to protect individuals and their families against reasonable fear of bodily injury, endangerment, trespass, and intrusions on their privacy due to activities undertaken in connection with interstate and international commerce in reproduction and broadcast of their private activities; (2) to protect interstate commerce affected by such activities, including the interstate commerce of individuals who are the subject of such activities; and (3) to establish the right of private parties injured by such activities, as well as the Attorney General of the United States and State attorneys general in appropriate cases, to bring actions for appropriate relief. SEC. 3. CRIMINAL OFFENSE. (2) Harasses. The term `harasses' means persistently physically follows or chases a person in a manner that causes the person to have a reasonable fear of bodily injury, in order to capture by a visual or auditory recording instrument any type of visual image, sound recording, or other physical impression of the person for commercial purposes. (b) Prohibition and Penalties. Whoever harasses any person within the United States or the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States (1) if death is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not less than 20 years and fined under this title; (2) if serious bodily injury is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not less than 5 years and fined under this title; and (3) if neither death nor serious bodily injury is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not more than 1 year, fined under this title, or both. (e) Use of Images. Any person who is legally present in the United States who is subjected to a violation of this section may, in a civil action against the person engaging in the violation, obtain any appropriate relief, including compensatory damages, punitive damages and injunctive and declaratory relief. The prohibitions of this section do not apply with respect to official law enforcement activities.SECTION 1. (2) The legitimate privacy interests of individuals and their families have been violated by photographers, videographers, and audio recorders who physically trespass in order to capture images or other reproductions of their private lives for commercial purposes, or who do so constructively through intrusive modern visual or auditory enhancement devices, such as powerful telephoto lenses and hyperbolic microphones that enable invasion of private areas that would otherwise be impossible without trespassing. (4) Federal legislation is necessary to protect individuals and their families from persistent following or chasing for commercial purposes that causes reasonable fear of bodily injury, because such harassment is not directly regulated by applicable Federal, State, and local statutory or common laws, because those laws provide an uneven patchwork of coverage, and because those laws may not cover such activities when undertaken for commercial purposes. (5) Federal legislation is necessary to prohibit and provide proper redress in Federal courts for trespass and constructive trespass using intrusive visual or auditory enhancement devices for commercial purposes, because technological advances such as telephoto lenses and hyperbolic microphones render inadequate existing common law and State and local regulation of such trespass and invasion of privacy. (6) There is no right, under the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States, to persistently follow or chase another in a manner that creates a reasonable fear of bodily injury, to trespass, or to constructively trespass through the use of intrusive visual or auditory enhancement devices. (10) Because this Act regulates only conduct undertaken in order to create products intended to be and routinely transmitted, bought, or sold in interstate or foreign commerce, or persons who travel in interstate or foreign commerce in order to engage in regulated conduct, the Act is limited properly to regulation of interstate or foreign commerce. (15) The activities regulated by this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, substantially affect interstate commerce by restricting the movement of persons who are targeted by such activities and their families, often forcing them to curtail travel or appearances in public spaces, or, conversely, forcing them to travel in interstate commerce in order to escape from abuses regulated by this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. The purposes of this Act are (1) to protect individuals and their families against reasonable fear of bodily injury, endangerment, trespass, and intrusions on their privacy due to activities undertaken in connection with interstate and international commerce in reproduction and broadcast of their private activities; (2) to protect interstate commerce affected by such activities, including the interstate commerce of individuals who are the subject of such activities; and (3) to establish the right of private parties injured by such activities, as well as the Attorney General of the United States and State attorneys general in appropriate cases, to bring actions for appropriate relief. SEC. 3. CRIMINAL OFFENSE. (2) Harasses. The term `harasses' means persistently physically follows or chases a person in a manner that causes the person to have a reasonable fear of bodily injury, in order to capture by a visual or auditory recording instrument any type of visual image, sound recording, or other physical impression of the person for commercial purposes. (b) Prohibition and Penalties. Whoever harasses any person within the United States or the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States (1) if death is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not less than 20 years and fined under this title; (2) if serious bodily injury is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not less than 5 years and fined under this title; and (3) if neither death nor serious bodily injury is proximately caused by such harassment, shall be imprisoned not more than 1 year, fined under this title, or both. (e) Use of Images. Any person who is legally present in the United States who is subjected to a violation of this section may, in a civil action against the person engaging in the violation, obtain any appropriate relief, including compensatory damages, punitive damages and injunctive and declaratory relief. The prohibitions of this section do not apply with respect to official law enforcement activities.