(a) Short Title. This Act may be cited as the Safe Food Act of 1999. Sec. 2. Sec. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. Congress finds the following: (1) The safety and security of the food supply of the United States requires efficient and effective management of food safety regulations. (2) The safety of the food supply of the United States is facing tremendous pressures with regard to the following issues: (A) Emerging pathogens and the ability to detect them. (C) An increasing volume of imported foods, without adequate monitoring and inspection. (3) Federal food safety inspection, enforcement, and research efforts should be based on scientifically supportable assessments of risks to public health. (4) The Federal food safety system is fragmented, with at least 12 primary Federal agencies governing food safety. It is the purpose of this Act (1) to establish a single agency, the Food Safety Administration, that will be responsible for the regulation of food safety and labeling and for conducting food safety inspections to ensure, with reasonable certainty, that no harm will result from the consumption of food, by preventing food borne illnesses due to microbial, natural, or chemical hazards in food; and (2) to transfer to the Food Safety Administration the food safety, labeling, and inspection functions currently performed by other Federal agencies, to achieve more efficient management and effective application of Federal food safety laws for the protection and improvement of public health. 3. The term Administration means the Food Safety Administration established under section 4. (2) Administrator. S. ). The Administration shall be an independent establishment, as defined in section 104 of title 5, United States Code. (a) Transfer of Functions. The Federal agencies referred to in subsection (a) are the following: (1) The Food Safety and Inspection Service of the Department of Agriculture. (3) The Center for Veterinary Medicine of the Food and Drug Administration. Unexpended funds transferred pursuant to this subsection shall be used by the Administration only for the purposes for which the funds were originally authorized and appropriated. After the transfer of functions from a Federal agency under subsection (a), any reference in any other Federal law, Executive order, rule, regulation, document, or other material to that Federal agency or the head of that agency in connection with the administration or enforcement of the food safety laws shall be deemed to be a reference to the Administration or the Administrator, respectively. (e) Savings Provisions. (a) Officers and Employees. The Administrator may procure the services of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and pay in connection with the services travel expenses of individuals, including transportation and per diem in lieu of subsistence while away from the homes or regular places of business of the individuals, as authorized by section 5703 of such title. The Administrator may establish within the Administration such bureaus, offices, and divisions as the Administrator may determine to be necessary to discharge the responsibilities of the Administration. This Act shall take effect on the earlier of (1) the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) such date during that 180day period as the President may direct in an Executive order.(a) Short Title. This Act may be cited as the Safe Food Act of 1999. Sec. 2. Sec. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. Congress finds the following: (1) The safety and security of the food supply of the United States requires efficient and effective management of food safety regulations. (2) The safety of the food supply of the United States is facing tremendous pressures with regard to the following issues: (A) Emerging pathogens and the ability to detect them. (C) An increasing volume of imported foods, without adequate monitoring and inspection. (3) Federal food safety inspection, enforcement, and research efforts should be based on scientifically supportable assessments of risks to public health. (4) The Federal food safety system is fragmented, with at least 12 primary Federal agencies governing food safety. It is the purpose of this Act (1) to establish a single agency, the Food Safety Administration, that will be responsible for the regulation of food safety and labeling and for conducting food safety inspections to ensure, with reasonable certainty, that no harm will result from the consumption of food, by preventing food borne illnesses due to microbial, natural, or chemical hazards in food; and (2) to transfer to the Food Safety Administration the food safety, labeling, and inspection functions currently performed by other Federal agencies, to achieve more efficient management and effective application of Federal food safety laws for the protection and improvement of public health. 3. The term Administration means the Food Safety Administration established under section 4. (2) Administrator. S. ). The Administration shall be an independent establishment, as defined in section 104 of title 5, United States Code. (a) Transfer of Functions. The Federal agencies referred to in subsection (a) are the following: (1) The Food Safety and Inspection Service of the Department of Agriculture. (3) The Center for Veterinary Medicine of the Food and Drug Administration. Unexpended funds transferred pursuant to this subsection shall be used by the Administration only for the purposes for which the funds were originally authorized and appropriated. After the transfer of functions from a Federal agency under subsection (a), any reference in any other Federal law, Executive order, rule, regulation, document, or other material to that Federal agency or the head of that agency in connection with the administration or enforcement of the food safety laws shall be deemed to be a reference to the Administration or the Administrator, respectively. (e) Savings Provisions. (a) Officers and Employees. The Administrator may procure the services of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and pay in connection with the services travel expenses of individuals, including transportation and per diem in lieu of subsistence while away from the homes or regular places of business of the individuals, as authorized by section 5703 of such title. The Administrator may establish within the Administration such bureaus, offices, and divisions as the Administrator may determine to be necessary to discharge the responsibilities of the Administration. This Act shall take effect on the earlier of (1) the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) such date during that 180day period as the President may direct in an Executive order.(a) Short Title. This Act may be cited as the Safe Food Act of 1999. Sec. 2. Sec. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. Congress finds the following: (1) The safety and security of the food supply of the United States requires efficient and effective management of food safety regulations. (2) The safety of the food supply of the United States is facing tremendous pressures with regard to the following issues: (A) Emerging pathogens and the ability to detect them. (C) An increasing volume of imported foods, without adequate monitoring and inspection. (3) Federal food safety inspection, enforcement, and research efforts should be based on scientifically supportable assessments of risks to public health. (4) The Federal food safety system is fragmented, with at least 12 primary Federal agencies governing food safety. It is the purpose of this Act (1) to establish a single agency, the Food Safety Administration, that will be responsible for the regulation of food safety and labeling and for conducting food safety inspections to ensure, with reasonable certainty, that no harm will result from the consumption of food, by preventing food borne illnesses due to microbial, natural, or chemical hazards in food; and (2) to transfer to the Food Safety Administration the food safety, labeling, and inspection functions currently performed by other Federal agencies, to achieve more efficient management and effective application of Federal food safety laws for the protection and improvement of public health. 3. The term Administration means the Food Safety Administration established under section 4. (2) Administrator. S. ). The Administration shall be an independent establishment, as defined in section 104 of title 5, United States Code. (a) Transfer of Functions. The Federal agencies referred to in subsection (a) are the following: (1) The Food Safety and Inspection Service of the Department of Agriculture. (3) The Center for Veterinary Medicine of the Food and Drug Administration. Unexpended funds transferred pursuant to this subsection shall be used by the Administration only for the purposes for which the funds were originally authorized and appropriated. After the transfer of functions from a Federal agency under subsection (a), any reference in any other Federal law, Executive order, rule, regulation, document, or other material to that Federal agency or the head of that agency in connection with the administration or enforcement of the food safety laws shall be deemed to be a reference to the Administration or the Administrator, respectively. (e) Savings Provisions. (a) Officers and Employees. The Administrator may procure the services of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and pay in connection with the services travel expenses of individuals, including transportation and per diem in lieu of subsistence while away from the homes or regular places of business of the individuals, as authorized by section 5703 of such title. The Administrator may establish within the Administration such bureaus, offices, and divisions as the Administrator may determine to be necessary to discharge the responsibilities of the Administration. This Act shall take effect on the earlier of (1) the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) such date during that 180day period as the President may direct in an Executive order.