S. 1308) is amended (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking $40,000 and inserting $20,000; (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking $65,000 and inserting $30,000; (3) by striking (d) and all that follows through the end of paragraph (1) and inserting the following: (d) Limitations on Marketing Loan Gains, Loan Deficiency Payments, and Commodity Certificate Transactions. ) at a lower level than the original loan rate established for the loan commodity under that subtitle. (C) Any gain realized from the use of a commodity certificate issued by the Commodity Credit Corporation for 1 or more loan commodities, as determined by the Secretary, including the use of a certificate for the settlement of a marketing assistance loan made under that subtitle. (1) In general. Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (d), subject to paragraph (2), if a person participates only in a single farming operation and receives, directly or indirectly, any payment or gain covered by this section through the operation, the total amount of payments or gains (as applicable) covered by this section that the person may receive during any crop year may not exceed twice the applicable dollar amounts specified in subsections (b), (c), and (d). Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (d), except as provided in subsection (e)(2)(C)(i), if an individual and spouse are covered by subsection (e)(2)(C) and receive, directly or indirectly, any payment or gain covered by this section, the total amount of payments or gains (as applicable) covered by this section that the individual and spouse may jointly receive during any crop year may not exceed twice the applicable dollar amounts specified in subsections (b), (c), and (d). The regulations under paragraph (1) shall define `primary control' to include a joint operation or multiple entity in which a person owns an interest that is greater than the total interests held by other persons that materially participate on a regular, substantial, and continuous basis in the management of the operation or entity. The Secretary of Agriculture may promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this Act and the amendments made by this Act. The promulgation of the regulations and administration of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be made without regard to (1) the notice and comment provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the Statement of Policy of the Secretary of Agriculture effective July 24, 1971 (36 Fed.S. 1308) is amended (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking $40,000 and inserting $20,000; (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking $65,000 and inserting $30,000; (3) by striking (d) and all that follows through the end of paragraph (1) and inserting the following: (d) Limitations on Marketing Loan Gains, Loan Deficiency Payments, and Commodity Certificate Transactions. ) at a lower level than the original loan rate established for the loan commodity under that subtitle. (C) Any gain realized from the use of a commodity certificate issued by the Commodity Credit Corporation for 1 or more loan commodities, as determined by the Secretary, including the use of a certificate for the settlement of a marketing assistance loan made under that subtitle. (1) In general. Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (d), subject to paragraph (2), if a person participates only in a single farming operation and receives, directly or indirectly, any payment or gain covered by this section through the operation, the total amount of payments or gains (as applicable) covered by this section that the person may receive during any crop year may not exceed twice the applicable dollar amounts specified in subsections (b), (c), and (d). Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (d), except as provided in subsection (e)(2)(C)(i), if an individual and spouse are covered by subsection (e)(2)(C) and receive, directly or indirectly, any payment or gain covered by this section, the total amount of payments or gains (as applicable) covered by this section that the individual and spouse may jointly receive during any crop year may not exceed twice the applicable dollar amounts specified in subsections (b), (c), and (d). The regulations under paragraph (1) shall define `primary control' to include a joint operation or multiple entity in which a person owns an interest that is greater than the total interests held by other persons that materially participate on a regular, substantial, and continuous basis in the management of the operation or entity. The Secretary of Agriculture may promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this Act and the amendments made by this Act. The promulgation of the regulations and administration of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be made without regard to (1) the notice and comment provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the Statement of Policy of the Secretary of Agriculture effective July 24, 1971 (36 Fed.S. 1308) is amended (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking $40,000 and inserting $20,000; (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking $65,000 and inserting $30,000; (3) by striking (d) and all that follows through the end of paragraph (1) and inserting the following: (d) Limitations on Marketing Loan Gains, Loan Deficiency Payments, and Commodity Certificate Transactions. ) at a lower level than the original loan rate established for the loan commodity under that subtitle. (C) Any gain realized from the use of a commodity certificate issued by the Commodity Credit Corporation for 1 or more loan commodities, as determined by the Secretary, including the use of a certificate for the settlement of a marketing assistance loan made under that subtitle. (1) In general. Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (d), subject to paragraph (2), if a person participates only in a single farming operation and receives, directly or indirectly, any payment or gain covered by this section through the operation, the total amount of payments or gains (as applicable) covered by this section that the person may receive during any crop year may not exceed twice the applicable dollar amounts specified in subsections (b), (c), and (d). Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (d), except as provided in subsection (e)(2)(C)(i), if an individual and spouse are covered by subsection (e)(2)(C) and receive, directly or indirectly, any payment or gain covered by this section, the total amount of payments or gains (as applicable) covered by this section that the individual and spouse may jointly receive during any crop year may not exceed twice the applicable dollar amounts specified in subsections (b), (c), and (d). The regulations under paragraph (1) shall define `primary control' to include a joint operation or multiple entity in which a person owns an interest that is greater than the total interests held by other persons that materially participate on a regular, substantial, and continuous basis in the management of the operation or entity. The Secretary of Agriculture may promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this Act and the amendments made by this Act. The promulgation of the regulations and administration of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be made without regard to (1) the notice and comment provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the Statement of Policy of the Secretary of Agriculture effective July 24, 1971 (36 Fed.