SECTION 1. INDEXING OF CERTAIN ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF DETERMINING GAIN. (a) In General. (2) Special rule for recapture gain. Paragraph (1) shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of recapture gain on the sale or other disposition of an indexed asset, but the amount of any such recapture gain shall increase the adjusted basis of the asset for purposes of applying paragraph (1) to determine the amount of other gain on such sale or other disposition. For purposes of this section, the term `indexed asset' does not include (A) Creditor's interest. Any option or other right to acquire an interest in property. Stock in an S corporation. (3) Exception for stock in foreign corporation which is regularly traded on national or regional exchange. The applicable inflation ratio for any asset shall be determined by dividing (A) the CPI for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the disposition takes place, by (B) the CPI for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxpayer's holding period for such asset began (or, if later, for calendar year 1992). (3) Conventions. (4) CPI. In the case of a short sale of an indexed asset with a short sale period in excess of 1 year, for purposes of this title, the amount realized shall be an amount equal to the amount realized (determined without regard to this paragraph) multiplied by the applicable inflation ratio. For purposes of this subsection, the short sale period begins on the day after property is sold and ends on the closing date for the sale. A similar rule shall apply in the case of any amount subject to tax under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 857(b) to the extent attributable to the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid determined with reference to capital gain dividends only. (ii) Other taxes. If the ratio for any calendar month determined under subparagraph (A) would (but for this subparagraph) be 90 percent or more, such ratio for such month shall be 100 percent. Nothing in this paragraph shall require a real estate investment trust to value its assets more frequently than once each 36 months (except where such trust ceases to exist). (3) Qualified investment entity. (f) Other PassThru Entities. In the case of a partnership, the adjustment made under subsection (a) at the partnership level shall be passed through to the partners (but only for purposes of determining the income of partners who are individuals). This section shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of any tax imposed by section 1374 or 1375. This section shall not apply to any sale or other disposition of property between related persons (within the meaning of section 465(b)(3)(C)) if such property, in the hands of the transferee, is of a character subject to the allowance for depreciation provided in section 167. (h) Transfers To Increase Indexing Adjustment. In the case of any asset, the following shall be treated as a separate asset: (A) A substantial improvement to property. (2) Assets which are not indexed assets throughout holding period. (3) Net lease property defined. The term `net lease property' means leased property where (A) the term of the lease (taking into account options to renew) was 50 percent or more of the useful life of the property, and (B) for the period of the lease, the sum of the deductions with respect to such property which are allowable to the lessor solely by reason of section 162 (other than rents and reimbursed amounts with respect to such property) is 15 percent or less of the rental income produced by such property. The table of sections for part II of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1021 the following new item: Sec.SECTION 1. INDEXING OF CERTAIN ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF DETERMINING GAIN. (a) In General. (2) Special rule for recapture gain. Paragraph (1) shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of recapture gain on the sale or other disposition of an indexed asset, but the amount of any such recapture gain shall increase the adjusted basis of the asset for purposes of applying paragraph (1) to determine the amount of other gain on such sale or other disposition. For purposes of this section, the term `indexed asset' does not include (A) Creditor's interest. Any option or other right to acquire an interest in property. Stock in an S corporation. (3) Exception for stock in foreign corporation which is regularly traded on national or regional exchange. The applicable inflation ratio for any asset shall be determined by dividing (A) the CPI for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the disposition takes place, by (B) the CPI for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxpayer's holding period for such asset began (or, if later, for calendar year 1992). (3) Conventions. (4) CPI. In the case of a short sale of an indexed asset with a short sale period in excess of 1 year, for purposes of this title, the amount realized shall be an amount equal to the amount realized (determined without regard to this paragraph) multiplied by the applicable inflation ratio. For purposes of this subsection, the short sale period begins on the day after property is sold and ends on the closing date for the sale. A similar rule shall apply in the case of any amount subject to tax under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 857(b) to the extent attributable to the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid determined with reference to capital gain dividends only. (ii) Other taxes. If the ratio for any calendar month determined under subparagraph (A) would (but for this subparagraph) be 90 percent or more, such ratio for such month shall be 100 percent. Nothing in this paragraph shall require a real estate investment trust to value its assets more frequently than once each 36 months (except where such trust ceases to exist). (3) Qualified investment entity. (f) Other PassThru Entities. In the case of a partnership, the adjustment made under subsection (a) at the partnership level shall be passed through to the partners (but only for purposes of determining the income of partners who are individuals). This section shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of any tax imposed by section 1374 or 1375. This section shall not apply to any sale or other disposition of property between related persons (within the meaning of section 465(b)(3)(C)) if such property, in the hands of the transferee, is of a character subject to the allowance for depreciation provided in section 167. (h) Transfers To Increase Indexing Adjustment. In the case of any asset, the following shall be treated as a separate asset: (A) A substantial improvement to property. (2) Assets which are not indexed assets throughout holding period. (3) Net lease property defined. The term `net lease property' means leased property where (A) the term of the lease (taking into account options to renew) was 50 percent or more of the useful life of the property, and (B) for the period of the lease, the sum of the deductions with respect to such property which are allowable to the lessor solely by reason of section 162 (other than rents and reimbursed amounts with respect to such property) is 15 percent or less of the rental income produced by such property. The table of sections for part II of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1021 the following new item: Sec.