1144) is amended (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsection (e) and (f), respectively, and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: (d) Preemption Not To Apply to Causes of Action Under State Law Involving Medically Reviewable Decision. Except as provided in this subsection, nothing in this title (including section 502) shall be construed to supersede or otherwise alter, amend, modify, invalidate, or impair any cause of action under State law of a participant or beneficiary under a group health plan (or the estate of such a participant or beneficiary) against the plan, the plan sponsor, any health insurance issuer offering health insurance coverage in connection with the plan, or any managed care entity in connection with the plan to recover damages resulting from personal injury or for wrongful death if such cause of action arises by reason of a medically reviewable decision. The term `medically reviewable decision' means a denial of a claim for benefits under the plan. The term `personal injury' means a physical injury and includes an injury arising out of the treatment (or failure to treat) a mental illness or disease. The term `claim for benefits' means any request for coverage (including authorization of coverage), for eligibility, or for payment (or reimbursement for payment) in whole or in part, for an item or service under a group health plan or health insurance coverage. The term `denial' means, with respect to a claim for benefits, a denial (in whole or in part) of, or a failure to act on a timely basis upon, the claim for benefits and includes a failure to provide benefits (including items and services) required to be provided under this title. The term `managed care entity' means, in connection with a group health plan and subject to clause (ii), any entity that is involved in determining the manner in which or the extent to which items or services (or reimbursement therefor) are to be provided as benefits under the plan. Such term does not include a treating physician or other treating health care professional of the participant or beneficiary and also does not include a treating hospital insofar as it is acting solely in the capacity of providing treatment or care to the participant or beneficiary. Subject to subparagraph (B), paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to (i) any cause of action against an employer or other plan sponsor maintaining the plan (or against an employee of such an employer or sponsor acting within the scope of employment), or (ii) a right of recovery, indemnity, or contribution by a person against an employer or other plan sponsor (or such an employee) for damages assessed against the person pursuant to a cause of action to which paragraph (1) applies. For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term `direct participation' means, in connection with a decision described in subparagraph (B), the actual making of such decision or the actual exercise of control in making such decision or in the conduct constituting the failure. 1132(b)(4)) is amended by striking 514(e)(3) and inserting 514(f)(3).1144) is amended (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsection (e) and (f), respectively, and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: (d) Preemption Not To Apply to Causes of Action Under State Law Involving Medically Reviewable Decision. Except as provided in this subsection, nothing in this title (including section 502) shall be construed to supersede or otherwise alter, amend, modify, invalidate, or impair any cause of action under State law of a participant or beneficiary under a group health plan (or the estate of such a participant or beneficiary) against the plan, the plan sponsor, any health insurance issuer offering health insurance coverage in connection with the plan, or any managed care entity in connection with the plan to recover damages resulting from personal injury or for wrongful death if such cause of action arises by reason of a medically reviewable decision. The term `medically reviewable decision' means a denial of a claim for benefits under the plan. The term `personal injury' means a physical injury and includes an injury arising out of the treatment (or failure to treat) a mental illness or disease. The term `claim for benefits' means any request for coverage (including authorization of coverage), for eligibility, or for payment (or reimbursement for payment) in whole or in part, for an item or service under a group health plan or health insurance coverage. The term `denial' means, with respect to a claim for benefits, a denial (in whole or in part) of, or a failure to act on a timely basis upon, the claim for benefits and includes a failure to provide benefits (including items and services) required to be provided under this title. The term `managed care entity' means, in connection with a group health plan and subject to clause (ii), any entity that is involved in determining the manner in which or the extent to which items or services (or reimbursement therefor) are to be provided as benefits under the plan. Such term does not include a treating physician or other treating health care professional of the participant or beneficiary and also does not include a treating hospital insofar as it is acting solely in the capacity of providing treatment or care to the participant or beneficiary. Subject to subparagraph (B), paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to (i) any cause of action against an employer or other plan sponsor maintaining the plan (or against an employee of such an employer or sponsor acting within the scope of employment), or (ii) a right of recovery, indemnity, or contribution by a person against an employer or other plan sponsor (or such an employee) for damages assessed against the person pursuant to a cause of action to which paragraph (1) applies. For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term `direct participation' means, in connection with a decision described in subparagraph (B), the actual making of such decision or the actual exercise of control in making such decision or in the conduct constituting the failure. 1132(b)(4)) is amended by striking 514(e)(3) and inserting 514(f)(3).