SECTION 1. 2. OIL STORAGE AND PROCESSING FACILITIES. S. (B) The oil storage or processing facility is the source of groundwater contamination affecting 100 or more residential units. The Administrator shall include in regulations issued under paragraph (1) the following: (A) A definition of the term `permanently close', to include requirements that (i) all liquid and sludge are removed from each container and connecting line associated with the oil storage or processing facility; (ii) all connecting lines and piping associated with the oil storage or processing facility are disconnected from each such container and blanked off, all valves (except for ventilation valves) are closed and locked, and conspicuous signs are posted on each such container stating that it is a permanently closed container and noting the date of closure; and (iii) all other applicable Federal laws and regulations are followed with respect to clean up and remediation of any other contamination at, or originating from, the oil storage or processing facility. (B) Any additional closure and postclosure requirements the Administrator determines appropriate. (C) A requirement that closure of an oil storage or processing facility be completed by one of the following deadlines, as applicable: (i) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Protecting Neighborhoods from Oil Pollution Act of 2011, in the case of an oil storage or processing facility at which 2 or more covered discharges have occurred on or before such date of enactment. (iii) Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Administrator determines that the oil storage or processing facility is the source of groundwater contamination affecting 100 or more residential units. A condition requiring closure under paragraph (1) shall be considered to be (A) a substantial threat to the public health or welfare of the United States for the purposes of subsections (c) and (e); and (B) an imminent and substantial endangerment to the health of persons or to the welfare of persons for the purposes of section 504.SECTION 1. 2. OIL STORAGE AND PROCESSING FACILITIES. S. (B) The oil storage or processing facility is the source of groundwater contamination affecting 100 or more residential units. The Administrator shall include in regulations issued under paragraph (1) the following: (A) A definition of the term `permanently close', to include requirements that (i) all liquid and sludge are removed from each container and connecting line associated with the oil storage or processing facility; (ii) all connecting lines and piping associated with the oil storage or processing facility are disconnected from each such container and blanked off, all valves (except for ventilation valves) are closed and locked, and conspicuous signs are posted on each such container stating that it is a permanently closed container and noting the date of closure; and (iii) all other applicable Federal laws and regulations are followed with respect to clean up and remediation of any other contamination at, or originating from, the oil storage or processing facility. (B) Any additional closure and postclosure requirements the Administrator determines appropriate. (C) A requirement that closure of an oil storage or processing facility be completed by one of the following deadlines, as applicable: (i) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Protecting Neighborhoods from Oil Pollution Act of 2011, in the case of an oil storage or processing facility at which 2 or more covered discharges have occurred on or before such date of enactment. (iii) Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Administrator determines that the oil storage or processing facility is the source of groundwater contamination affecting 100 or more residential units. A condition requiring closure under paragraph (1) shall be considered to be (A) a substantial threat to the public health or welfare of the United States for the purposes of subsections (c) and (e); and (B) an imminent and substantial endangerment to the health of persons or to the welfare of persons for the purposes of section 504.