SECTION 1. RESCISSION OF $1 BILLION FUNDING FOR 3RD ROUND OF NEIGHBORHOOD STABILIZATION PROGRAM. Effective on the date of the enactment of this Act, there are rescinded and permanently canceled all unobligated balances remaining available as of such date of enactment of the amounts made available by section 1497(a) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111203; 124 Stat. All such unobligated balances so rescinded and permanently canceled should be retained in the General Fund of the Treasury for reducing the budget deficit of the Federal Government. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development has allocated funding to the States, including city, county, and municipal governments, under the 3rd round of funding for the Neighborhood Stabilization Program, as set forth in paragraph (2). Amounts from the allocations set forth in paragraph (2) of this subsection will be subject to possible rescission and cancellation, to the extent provided in subsection (a). (B) Alabama: $7,576,151. (R) Kentucky: $5,000,000. (T) Massachusetts: $7,387,994. (DD) Nebraska: $6,183,085. (HH) Nevada: $43,314,669. 2850; 42 U. Notwithstanding the repeal under subsection (a), any amounts made available under the provisions specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection shall continue to be governed by any provisions of law applicable to such amounts as in effect immediately before such repeal. The provisions specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Section 2301(a) of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (Public Law 110289; 122 Stat. Not later than 5 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall publish to its Website on the World Wide Web in a prominent location, large point font, and boldface type the following statement: The Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) has been terminated. The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to determine the economic impacts that providing assistance under the Neighborhood Stabilization Program has had on States and communities in the United States. The study shall identify such impacts resulting from the funding under the each of the provisions of law specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 3(b)(2). Not later than the expiration of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the results and conclusions of the study under this section. HAAS, Clerk.SECTION 1. RESCISSION OF $1 BILLION FUNDING FOR 3RD ROUND OF NEIGHBORHOOD STABILIZATION PROGRAM. Effective on the date of the enactment of this Act, there are rescinded and permanently canceled all unobligated balances remaining available as of such date of enactment of the amounts made available by section 1497(a) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111203; 124 Stat. All such unobligated balances so rescinded and permanently canceled should be retained in the General Fund of the Treasury for reducing the budget deficit of the Federal Government. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development has allocated funding to the States, including city, county, and municipal governments, under the 3rd round of funding for the Neighborhood Stabilization Program, as set forth in paragraph (2). Amounts from the allocations set forth in paragraph (2) of this subsection will be subject to possible rescission and cancellation, to the extent provided in subsection (a). (B) Alabama: $7,576,151. (R) Kentucky: $5,000,000. (T) Massachusetts: $7,387,994. (DD) Nebraska: $6,183,085. (HH) Nevada: $43,314,669. 2850; 42 U. Notwithstanding the repeal under subsection (a), any amounts made available under the provisions specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection shall continue to be governed by any provisions of law applicable to such amounts as in effect immediately before such repeal. The provisions specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Section 2301(a) of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (Public Law 110289; 122 Stat. Not later than 5 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall publish to its Website on the World Wide Web in a prominent location, large point font, and boldface type the following statement: The Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) has been terminated. The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to determine the economic impacts that providing assistance under the Neighborhood Stabilization Program has had on States and communities in the United States. The study shall identify such impacts resulting from the funding under the each of the provisions of law specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 3(b)(2). Not later than the expiration of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the results and conclusions of the study under this section. HAAS, Clerk.