SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds that (1) with the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union, Cuba is no longer a threat to the United States or the Western Hemisphere; (2) the continuation of the embargo on trade between the United States and Cuba that was declared in February of 1962 is counterproductive, adding to the hardships of the Cuban people while making the United States the scapegoat for the failures of the communist system; (3) in the former Soviet Union, the Eastern bloc countries, China, and Vietnam, the United States is using economic, cultural, academic, and scientific engagement to support its policy of promoting democratic and human rights reforms; and (4) the United States can best support democratic change in Cuba by promoting trade and commerce, travel, communications, and cultural, academic, and scientific exchanges. SEC. (a) Authority for Embargo and Sugar Quota. The authorities conferred upon the President by section 5(b) of the Trading With the Enemy Act, which were being exercised with respect to Cuba on July 1, 1977, as a result of a national emergency declared by the President before that date, and are being exercised on the day before the effective date of this Act, may not be exercised on or after such effective date with respect to Cuba. Any prohibition on exports to Cuba that is in effect on the day before the effective date of this Act under the Export Administration Act of 1979 shall cease to be effective on such effective date. (d) Cuban Democracy Act. (1) Repeal. (A) Section 498A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. 2295a) is amended (i) in subsection (a)(11) by striking and intelligence facilities, including the military and intelligence facilities at Lourdes and Cienfuegos, and inserting facilities,; (ii) in subsection (b) (I) in paragraph (4) by adding and after the semicolon; (II) by striking paragraph (5); and (III) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (5); and (iii) by striking subsection (d). 2295b(k)) is amended by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). , with respect to certain foreign countries) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new flush sentence: Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this subsection shall not apply to Cuba after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this sentence. (g) Sugar Quota Prohibition Under Food Security Act of 1985. Travel to and from Cuba by individuals who are citizens or residents of the United States, and any transactions ordinarily incident to such travel, may not be regulated or prohibited if such travel would be lawful in the United States. In this section, the terms national of the United States and property have the meanings given those terms in section 502 of the International Claims Settlement Act of 1949 (22 U.SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds that (1) with the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union, Cuba is no longer a threat to the United States or the Western Hemisphere; (2) the continuation of the embargo on trade between the United States and Cuba that was declared in February of 1962 is counterproductive, adding to the hardships of the Cuban people while making the United States the scapegoat for the failures of the communist system; (3) in the former Soviet Union, the Eastern bloc countries, China, and Vietnam, the United States is using economic, cultural, academic, and scientific engagement to support its policy of promoting democratic and human rights reforms; and (4) the United States can best support democratic change in Cuba by promoting trade and commerce, travel, communications, and cultural, academic, and scientific exchanges. SEC. (a) Authority for Embargo and Sugar Quota. The authorities conferred upon the President by section 5(b) of the Trading With the Enemy Act, which were being exercised with respect to Cuba on July 1, 1977, as a result of a national emergency declared by the President before that date, and are being exercised on the day before the effective date of this Act, may not be exercised on or after such effective date with respect to Cuba. Any prohibition on exports to Cuba that is in effect on the day before the effective date of this Act under the Export Administration Act of 1979 shall cease to be effective on such effective date. (d) Cuban Democracy Act. (1) Repeal. (A) Section 498A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. 2295a) is amended (i) in subsection (a)(11) by striking and intelligence facilities, including the military and intelligence facilities at Lourdes and Cienfuegos, and inserting facilities,; (ii) in subsection (b) (I) in paragraph (4) by adding and after the semicolon; (II) by striking paragraph (5); and (III) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (5); and (iii) by striking subsection (d). 2295b(k)) is amended by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). , with respect to certain foreign countries) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new flush sentence: Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this subsection shall not apply to Cuba after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this sentence. (g) Sugar Quota Prohibition Under Food Security Act of 1985. Travel to and from Cuba by individuals who are citizens or residents of the United States, and any transactions ordinarily incident to such travel, may not be regulated or prohibited if such travel would be lawful in the United States. In this section, the terms national of the United States and property have the meanings given those terms in section 502 of the International Claims Settlement Act of 1949 (22 U.