(a) Short Title. This Act may be cited as the Pipeline Improvement and Preventing Spills Act of 2015. 1. TITLE IINFORMATION TRANSPARENCY Sec. Sec. 103. Sec. Great Lakes Basin water crossing study and alternatives assessment. Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. (i) In general. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall prescribe minimum standards to require the owner or operator of a pipeline facility to notify all owners and residents of property located within 2,000 feet of a transmission line of the facility of (I) the proximity of the property to the transmission line; and (II) in the case of a transmission line located on private residential property, the specific location of the line on the property. (iii) Deadlines. SEC. 103. Section 60102(d) is amended (1) in paragraph (2), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in paragraph (3), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) in paragraph (5), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (4) by designating paragraphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (5) by striking The Secretary and all that follows through shall include and inserting the following: (1) In general. (2) Local emergency responders. (3) Maintenance. In identifying highconsequence areas under this chapter, the Secretary shall consider (1) the age of the pipe; (2) whether the pipe at issue can be inspected using the most modern instrumented internal inspection devices; (3) whether the pipe at issue crosses open waters of the Great Lakes; and (4) the type of commodity (including the type and grade of petroleum product) being transported through the pipe. The Interagency Coordinating Committee on Oil Pollution Research, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the heads of other relevant agencies, shall (A) identify measures to respond to spills or leaks of oil in the Great Lakes; and (B) conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of such measures in preventing significant or substantial harm to the public health or welfare, including fish, shellfish, wildlife, public and private property, shorelines, and beaches of the Great Lakes system. The survey required under subsection (a) shall (1) produce a comprehensive map of all hazardous pipeline waterway crossings in the Great Lakes Basin, including lakes, rivers, and streams; (2) evaluate the condition and structural integrity of pipelines at each crossing, considering factors that include pipeline thickness, diameter, weld integrity, internal and external corrosion, age, pressure, control and shutoff valves, burial depths, water depths, currents, and ice cover; (3) identify risks of leak and rupture resulting from pipeline integrity failures, or any other vulnerability at the pipeline water crossings; (4) identify gaps in data and information that exist in the pipeline network in the Great Lakes Basin, and request information related to pipeline integrity or risks from owners and operators with facilities that cross lakes, rivers, and streams; and (5) produce recommendations to prevent future leaks, ruptures, and failures that could result in damage to waterways and natural resources in the Great Lakes Basin. The study conducted under this subsection shall include (A) a study covering the elements described under paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b); (B) consideration of ways in which review of facility response plans as required by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U. ) of future and existing pipelines that cross waterways in the Great Lakes Basin would help prevent spills in the Great Lakes; and (C) a risk assessment analysis for alternative transportation options to the hazardous liquid pipeline facility that crosses from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to the Lower Peninsula of Michigan through the Straits of Mackinac, including (i) no action (status quo); (ii) rerouting; (iii) decommissioning and abandoning; (iv) replacing; (v) modifying operations (such as limiting pipeline product transport to only natural gas liquids); and (vi) other transportation means.(a) Short Title. This Act may be cited as the Pipeline Improvement and Preventing Spills Act of 2015. 1. TITLE IINFORMATION TRANSPARENCY Sec. Sec. 103. Sec. Great Lakes Basin water crossing study and alternatives assessment. Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. (i) In general. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall prescribe minimum standards to require the owner or operator of a pipeline facility to notify all owners and residents of property located within 2,000 feet of a transmission line of the facility of (I) the proximity of the property to the transmission line; and (II) in the case of a transmission line located on private residential property, the specific location of the line on the property. (iii) Deadlines. SEC. 103. Section 60102(d) is amended (1) in paragraph (2), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in paragraph (3), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) in paragraph (5), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (4) by designating paragraphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (5) by striking The Secretary and all that follows through shall include and inserting the following: (1) In general. (2) Local emergency responders. (3) Maintenance. In identifying highconsequence areas under this chapter, the Secretary shall consider (1) the age of the pipe; (2) whether the pipe at issue can be inspected using the most modern instrumented internal inspection devices; (3) whether the pipe at issue crosses open waters of the Great Lakes; and (4) the type of commodity (including the type and grade of petroleum product) being transported through the pipe. The Interagency Coordinating Committee on Oil Pollution Research, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the heads of other relevant agencies, shall (A) identify measures to respond to spills or leaks of oil in the Great Lakes; and (B) conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of such measures in preventing significant or substantial harm to the public health or welfare, including fish, shellfish, wildlife, public and private property, shorelines, and beaches of the Great Lakes system. The survey required under subsection (a) shall (1) produce a comprehensive map of all hazardous pipeline waterway crossings in the Great Lakes Basin, including lakes, rivers, and streams; (2) evaluate the condition and structural integrity of pipelines at each crossing, considering factors that include pipeline thickness, diameter, weld integrity, internal and external corrosion, age, pressure, control and shutoff valves, burial depths, water depths, currents, and ice cover; (3) identify risks of leak and rupture resulting from pipeline integrity failures, or any other vulnerability at the pipeline water crossings; (4) identify gaps in data and information that exist in the pipeline network in the Great Lakes Basin, and request information related to pipeline integrity or risks from owners and operators with facilities that cross lakes, rivers, and streams; and (5) produce recommendations to prevent future leaks, ruptures, and failures that could result in damage to waterways and natural resources in the Great Lakes Basin. The study conducted under this subsection shall include (A) a study covering the elements described under paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b); (B) consideration of ways in which review of facility response plans as required by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U. ) of future and existing pipelines that cross waterways in the Great Lakes Basin would help prevent spills in the Great Lakes; and (C) a risk assessment analysis for alternative transportation options to the hazardous liquid pipeline facility that crosses from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to the Lower Peninsula of Michigan through the Straits of Mackinac, including (i) no action (status quo); (ii) rerouting; (iii) decommissioning and abandoning; (iv) replacing; (v) modifying operations (such as limiting pipeline product transport to only natural gas liquids); and (vi) other transportation means.