SEC. MODIFICATIONS OF REQUIRED DISTRIBUTION RULES FOR PENSION PLANS. A trust shall not constitute a qualified trust under this section unless the plan provides that, if an employee dies before the distribution of the employee's interest (whether or not such distribution has begun in accordance with subparagraph (A)), the entire interest of the employee will be distributed within 5 years after the death of such employee. If (I) any portion of the employee's interest is payable to (or for the benefit of) an eligible designated beneficiary, (II) such portion will be distributed (in accordance with regulations) over the life of such eligible designated beneficiary (or over a period not extending beyond the life expectancy of such beneficiary), and (III) such distributions begin not later than 1 year after the date of the employee's death or such later date as the Secretary may by regulations prescribe, then, for purposes of clause (i) and except as provided in clause (iv) or subparagraph (E)(iii), the portion referred to in subclause (I) shall be treated as distributed on the date on which such distributions begin. (iii) Special rule for surviving spouse of employee. The term `designated beneficiary' means any individual designated as a beneficiary by the employee. (iii) Special rule for children. Subject to subparagraph (F), an individual described in clause (ii)(II) shall cease to be an eligible designated beneficiary as of the date the individual reaches majority and the requirement of subparagraph (B)(i) shall not be treated as met with respect to any remaining portion of an employee's interest payable to the individual unless such portion is distributed within 5 years after such date. If an employee becomes a 5 percent owner (as defined in section 416) with respect to a plan year ending in a calendar year after the calendar year in which the employee attains age 70\1/2\, then clause (i)(II) shall be applied by substituting the calendar year in which the employee became such an owner for the calendar year in which the employee retires. The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to employees becoming a 5percent owner with respect to plan years ending in calendar years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. If (i) an employee became a 5percent owner with respect to a plan year ending in a calendar year which began before January 1, 2013, and (ii) the employee has not retired before calendar year 2014, such employee shall be treated as having become a 5 percent owner with respect to a plan year ending in 2013 for purposes of applying section 401(a)(9)(C)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by the amendment made by subsection (c)). If a designated beneficiary of an employee who dies before January 1, 2014, dies after December 31, 2013 (A) the amendments made by this section shall apply to any beneficiary of such designated beneficiary, and (B) the designated beneficiary shall be treated as an eligible designated beneficiary for purposes of applying section 401(a)(9)(B)(iv) of such Code (as in effect after the amendments made by this section). (4) Exception for certain existing annuity contracts.SEC. MODIFICATIONS OF REQUIRED DISTRIBUTION RULES FOR PENSION PLANS. A trust shall not constitute a qualified trust under this section unless the plan provides that, if an employee dies before the distribution of the employee's interest (whether or not such distribution has begun in accordance with subparagraph (A)), the entire interest of the employee will be distributed within 5 years after the death of such employee. If (I) any portion of the employee's interest is payable to (or for the benefit of) an eligible designated beneficiary, (II) such portion will be distributed (in accordance with regulations) over the life of such eligible designated beneficiary (or over a period not extending beyond the life expectancy of such beneficiary), and (III) such distributions begin not later than 1 year after the date of the employee's death or such later date as the Secretary may by regulations prescribe, then, for purposes of clause (i) and except as provided in clause (iv) or subparagraph (E)(iii), the portion referred to in subclause (I) shall be treated as distributed on the date on which such distributions begin. (iii) Special rule for surviving spouse of employee. The term `designated beneficiary' means any individual designated as a beneficiary by the employee. (iii) Special rule for children. Subject to subparagraph (F), an individual described in clause (ii)(II) shall cease to be an eligible designated beneficiary as of the date the individual reaches majority and the requirement of subparagraph (B)(i) shall not be treated as met with respect to any remaining portion of an employee's interest payable to the individual unless such portion is distributed within 5 years after such date. If an employee becomes a 5 percent owner (as defined in section 416) with respect to a plan year ending in a calendar year after the calendar year in which the employee attains age 70\1/2\, then clause (i)(II) shall be applied by substituting the calendar year in which the employee became such an owner for the calendar year in which the employee retires. The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to employees becoming a 5percent owner with respect to plan years ending in calendar years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. If (i) an employee became a 5percent owner with respect to a plan year ending in a calendar year which began before January 1, 2013, and (ii) the employee has not retired before calendar year 2014, such employee shall be treated as having become a 5 percent owner with respect to a plan year ending in 2013 for purposes of applying section 401(a)(9)(C)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by the amendment made by subsection (c)). If a designated beneficiary of an employee who dies before January 1, 2014, dies after December 31, 2013 (A) the amendments made by this section shall apply to any beneficiary of such designated beneficiary, and (B) the designated beneficiary shall be treated as an eligible designated beneficiary for purposes of applying section 401(a)(9)(B)(iv) of such Code (as in effect after the amendments made by this section). (4) Exception for certain existing annuity contracts.