SECTION 1. 2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since 1997, the United States current account deficit, the broadest measure of United States international trade, has grown substantially, both absolutely and relative to gross domestic product (GDP), increasing from $140,400,000,000 in 1997 (1. (2) Strong manufacturing and agricultural sectors are important to nurturing and sustaining the health and security of the Nation's economy. It can be estimated that the 2005 merchandise trade deficit cost the United States up to 15,000,000 jobs. (4) It is critical to the Nation's economic future that the current account deficit be addressed by adopting statutory changes that will eliminate some of the causes of the trade deficit and will begin to move the Nation to a positive trade balance. MANDATORY PRESIDENTIAL ACTION WHENEVER THE UNITED STATES CURRENT ACCOUNT DEFICIT EXCEEDS 2 PERCENT OF THE UNITED STATES GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT. Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a) and (b), whenever there is a United States current account deficit that exceeds 2 percent of the gross domestic product, then (A) for purposes of subsection (a), the President shall determine that fundamental international payments problems do exist that require special import measures to restrict imports; and (B) within 30 days after making that determination, the President shall proclaim, for the period described in paragraph (2), a temporary import surcharge under this subsection in the form of duties (in addition to those already imposed, if any) on articles imported into the United States. The amount of the surcharge proclaimed under this subsection shall be not less than 20 percent ad valorem. Subject to subparagraph (A), the amount of the surcharge shall be adequate to ensure that the period in which the surcharge applies (as described in paragraph (2)) is not more than 24 months. (4) Data used in making determinations.SECTION 1. 2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since 1997, the United States current account deficit, the broadest measure of United States international trade, has grown substantially, both absolutely and relative to gross domestic product (GDP), increasing from $140,400,000,000 in 1997 (1. (2) Strong manufacturing and agricultural sectors are important to nurturing and sustaining the health and security of the Nation's economy. It can be estimated that the 2005 merchandise trade deficit cost the United States up to 15,000,000 jobs. (4) It is critical to the Nation's economic future that the current account deficit be addressed by adopting statutory changes that will eliminate some of the causes of the trade deficit and will begin to move the Nation to a positive trade balance. MANDATORY PRESIDENTIAL ACTION WHENEVER THE UNITED STATES CURRENT ACCOUNT DEFICIT EXCEEDS 2 PERCENT OF THE UNITED STATES GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT. Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a) and (b), whenever there is a United States current account deficit that exceeds 2 percent of the gross domestic product, then (A) for purposes of subsection (a), the President shall determine that fundamental international payments problems do exist that require special import measures to restrict imports; and (B) within 30 days after making that determination, the President shall proclaim, for the period described in paragraph (2), a temporary import surcharge under this subsection in the form of duties (in addition to those already imposed, if any) on articles imported into the United States. The amount of the surcharge proclaimed under this subsection shall be not less than 20 percent ad valorem. Subject to subparagraph (A), the amount of the surcharge shall be adequate to ensure that the period in which the surcharge applies (as described in paragraph (2)) is not more than 24 months. (4) Data used in making determinations.