SHORT TITLE. SEC. 2. (3) There is a need to build national capacity in research and training in the prevention, surveillance, diagnosis, and control of newly emerging and reemerging infectious diseases. (4) Veterinarians are uniquely qualified to address these high priority public health issues because of their extensive professional training in basic biomedical sciences, population medicine, and broad, multispecies, comparative medical approach to disease prevention and control. (5) There is a shortage of veterinarians working in public health practice. (6) The Bureau of Labor Statistics expects there to be 28,000 job openings in the veterinary medical profession by 2012 due to growth and net replacements, a turnover of nearly 38 percent. (7) The Nation's veterinary medical colleges do not have the capacity to satisfy the current and future demand for veterinarians and veterinary expertise that is vital to maintain public health preparedness. 3. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Subpart 3Veterinary Medicine SEC. The Secretary shall award competitive grants to eligible entities for the purpose of improving public health preparedness through increasing the number of veterinarians in the workforce. (d) Preference. Amounts received under a grant under this subsection shall be used by a grantee to increase the number of veterinarians in the workforce through (1) paying the costs associated with construction, the acquisition of equipment, and other capital costs relating to the expansion of existing schools of veterinary medicine, departments of comparative medicine, or departments of veterinary science; or (2) paying the capital costs associated with the expansion of academic programs that offer postgraduate training for veterinarians or concurrent training for veterinary students in specific areas of specialization. In this section, the term `public health practice' includes bioterrorism and emergency preparedness, environmental health, food safety and food security, regulatory medicine, diagnostic laboratory medicine, and biomedical research. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2006, and $1,264,000,000 for the 9fiscal year period beginning with fiscal year 2007.SHORT TITLE. SEC. 2. (3) There is a need to build national capacity in research and training in the prevention, surveillance, diagnosis, and control of newly emerging and reemerging infectious diseases. (4) Veterinarians are uniquely qualified to address these high priority public health issues because of their extensive professional training in basic biomedical sciences, population medicine, and broad, multispecies, comparative medical approach to disease prevention and control. (5) There is a shortage of veterinarians working in public health practice. (6) The Bureau of Labor Statistics expects there to be 28,000 job openings in the veterinary medical profession by 2012 due to growth and net replacements, a turnover of nearly 38 percent. (7) The Nation's veterinary medical colleges do not have the capacity to satisfy the current and future demand for veterinarians and veterinary expertise that is vital to maintain public health preparedness. 3. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Subpart 3Veterinary Medicine SEC. The Secretary shall award competitive grants to eligible entities for the purpose of improving public health preparedness through increasing the number of veterinarians in the workforce. (d) Preference. Amounts received under a grant under this subsection shall be used by a grantee to increase the number of veterinarians in the workforce through (1) paying the costs associated with construction, the acquisition of equipment, and other capital costs relating to the expansion of existing schools of veterinary medicine, departments of comparative medicine, or departments of veterinary science; or (2) paying the capital costs associated with the expansion of academic programs that offer postgraduate training for veterinarians or concurrent training for veterinary students in specific areas of specialization. In this section, the term `public health practice' includes bioterrorism and emergency preparedness, environmental health, food safety and food security, regulatory medicine, diagnostic laboratory medicine, and biomedical research. There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2006, and $1,264,000,000 for the 9fiscal year period beginning with fiscal year 2007.