SEC. Any State, political subdivision thereof, or other holder of a rightofway across public lands which was granted under section 2477 of the Revised Statutes before the enactment of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, or any person who uses or could use the rightofway for passage across such lands to access property in which such person has an interest, may file with the appropriate Secretary of the Department concerned (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Secretary) a notice of the rightofway. (1) In general. In considering any rightofway notice filed under subsection (a), the Secretary shall recognize any rightofway which was accepted or established in accordance with the laws of the State where the rightofway is located or by an affirmative act of a State or political subdivision thereof indicating acceptance of the grant. Standing to challenge an action of the Secretary under this Act relating to the existence, description, route, or scope of a rightofway shall be limited to a party with a claim of a property interest in or to the rightofway or in lands served thereby. A rightofway accepted or deemed to be accepted under this Act is valid. The Secretary shall record the rightofway in the land records and on maps of the Secretary and shall manage the lands subject to the rightofway accordingly. (a) Quiet Title Action. Such action may be brought within the later of (1) 12 years from the date of notice of objection from the Secretary under section 2(b)(1); or (2) the termination of the limitations period under section 2409a of title 28, United States Code. A failure to file the notice provided for under section 2(a) does not constitute a relinquishment of any such rightofway. (c) Application of State Law.SEC. Any State, political subdivision thereof, or other holder of a rightofway across public lands which was granted under section 2477 of the Revised Statutes before the enactment of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, or any person who uses or could use the rightofway for passage across such lands to access property in which such person has an interest, may file with the appropriate Secretary of the Department concerned (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Secretary) a notice of the rightofway. (1) In general. In considering any rightofway notice filed under subsection (a), the Secretary shall recognize any rightofway which was accepted or established in accordance with the laws of the State where the rightofway is located or by an affirmative act of a State or political subdivision thereof indicating acceptance of the grant. Standing to challenge an action of the Secretary under this Act relating to the existence, description, route, or scope of a rightofway shall be limited to a party with a claim of a property interest in or to the rightofway or in lands served thereby. A rightofway accepted or deemed to be accepted under this Act is valid. The Secretary shall record the rightofway in the land records and on maps of the Secretary and shall manage the lands subject to the rightofway accordingly. (a) Quiet Title Action. Such action may be brought within the later of (1) 12 years from the date of notice of objection from the Secretary under section 2(b)(1); or (2) the termination of the limitations period under section 2409a of title 28, United States Code. A failure to file the notice provided for under section 2(a) does not constitute a relinquishment of any such rightofway. (c) Application of State Law.