2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) Motor vehicle owners are entitled to choose which service provider will diagnose, service, maintain, or repair their motor vehicles. (3) Regular diagnosis, service, maintenance, and repair of motor vehicles, motor vehicle equipment, and motor vehicle systems, such as pollution control, transmission, antilock brakes, electronic and mechanical systems, heating, air conditioning, and steering are essential to facilitating United States mobility, minimizing fuel consumption, protecting the environment, and enabling the highest possible levels of safety in modern motor vehicles. Onboard computer technology controls virtually all of the motor vehicle's systems, and only service technicians with the necessary tools and information can access the computers to perform diagnosis, service, maintenance, and repair of the motor vehicle. (6) Consumers in the United States have benefitted from the availability of a wide choice of service providers for their motor vehicles. The United States economy has also benefitted from the availability of a tools and parts supply aftermarket that provides jobs to more than 5,000,000 workers in approximately 495,000 businesses, and generates approximately $200,000,000,000 in annual sales. (7) New motor vehicles are being equipped with systems that permit such vehicles to transmit repair and diagnostic information wirelessly to the vehicle manufacturer and repair facilities. DEFINITIONS. S. The terms dealer, manufacturer, motor vehicle, and motor vehicle equipment have the meaning given those terms in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. The term technical service bulletin (A) means a communication sent to a dealer about the diagnosis, service, maintenance or repair of a motor vehicle or item of motor vehicle equipment; and (B) includes all communications sent to the Secretary of Transportation under subsections (f) and (m)(3)(A)(ii) of section 30166 of title 49, United States Code. 4. (1) In general. The information required under paragraph (1) with respect to a motor vehicle shall include the following: (A) Information about all safety alerts, recalls, service bulletins, and the adjustments needed to maintain the efficiency, safety, and convenience of the vehicle. (B) All information of any kind provided directly, indirectly, or wirelessly to new car dealers or any repair facility to diagnose, service, maintain, repair, activate, certify, or install any motor vehicle equipment (including replacement parts and equipment) in the motor vehicle. The manufacturer of a motor vehicle sold, leased, or otherwise introduced into commerce in the United States shall offer for sale to the owner of the motor vehicle and to all service providers on reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms, all equipment for diagnosis, service, maintenance, or repair of the motor vehicle. (d) Protection of Trade Secrets. No information may be withheld by a manufacturer on the ground that it is a trade secret if that information is provided (directly or indirectly) to authorized dealers or service providers. The Federal Trade Commission shall enforce the provisions of this Act in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U. 41 et seq. C. 7521(m)) with regard to motor vehicle emissions control diagnostics systems; or (B) conflict with rules prescribed by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. In any case in which the attorney general of a State has reason to believe that an interest of the residents of the State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by the engagement of any person subject to a provision of section 4 or a rule prescribed under section 5(c) in a practice that violates such provision or rule, the State may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States or other court of competent jurisdiction (1) to enjoin that practice; (2) to enforce compliance with the provision or rule; (3) to obtain damages, restitution, or other compensation on behalf of residents of the State; or (4) to obtain such other relief as the court considers appropriate. (B) Continued participation of states. Nothing in this section may be construed to prevent the attorney general of a State from exercising the powers conferred on such attorney general by the laws of such State to conduct investigations or to administer oaths or affirmations or to compel the attendance of witnesses or the production of documentary and other evidence. If the Federal Trade Commission institutes a civil action or an administrative action to enforce a violation of a rule prescribed under section 5(c), no State may, during the pendency of such action, bring a civil action under subsection (a) against any defendant named in the complaint of the Commission for violation of a rule prescribed under section 5(c) that is alleged in such complaint. In addition to actions brought by an attorney general of a State under subsection (a), an action may be brought by officers of a State who are so authorized. (2) Savings provision. The Federal Trade Commission shall cooperate with the Secretary of Transportation in preparing a technical service bulletin that the Secretary intends to publish on an Internet Web site of the Federal Government.2. Congress makes the following findings: (1) Motor vehicle owners are entitled to choose which service provider will diagnose, service, maintain, or repair their motor vehicles. (3) Regular diagnosis, service, maintenance, and repair of motor vehicles, motor vehicle equipment, and motor vehicle systems, such as pollution control, transmission, antilock brakes, electronic and mechanical systems, heating, air conditioning, and steering are essential to facilitating United States mobility, minimizing fuel consumption, protecting the environment, and enabling the highest possible levels of safety in modern motor vehicles. Onboard computer technology controls virtually all of the motor vehicle's systems, and only service technicians with the necessary tools and information can access the computers to perform diagnosis, service, maintenance, and repair of the motor vehicle. (6) Consumers in the United States have benefitted from the availability of a wide choice of service providers for their motor vehicles. The United States economy has also benefitted from the availability of a tools and parts supply aftermarket that provides jobs to more than 5,000,000 workers in approximately 495,000 businesses, and generates approximately $200,000,000,000 in annual sales. (7) New motor vehicles are being equipped with systems that permit such vehicles to transmit repair and diagnostic information wirelessly to the vehicle manufacturer and repair facilities. DEFINITIONS. S. The terms dealer, manufacturer, motor vehicle, and motor vehicle equipment have the meaning given those terms in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. The term technical service bulletin (A) means a communication sent to a dealer about the diagnosis, service, maintenance or repair of a motor vehicle or item of motor vehicle equipment; and (B) includes all communications sent to the Secretary of Transportation under subsections (f) and (m)(3)(A)(ii) of section 30166 of title 49, United States Code. 4. (1) In general. The information required under paragraph (1) with respect to a motor vehicle shall include the following: (A) Information about all safety alerts, recalls, service bulletins, and the adjustments needed to maintain the efficiency, safety, and convenience of the vehicle. (B) All information of any kind provided directly, indirectly, or wirelessly to new car dealers or any repair facility to diagnose, service, maintain, repair, activate, certify, or install any motor vehicle equipment (including replacement parts and equipment) in the motor vehicle. The manufacturer of a motor vehicle sold, leased, or otherwise introduced into commerce in the United States shall offer for sale to the owner of the motor vehicle and to all service providers on reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms, all equipment for diagnosis, service, maintenance, or repair of the motor vehicle. (d) Protection of Trade Secrets. No information may be withheld by a manufacturer on the ground that it is a trade secret if that information is provided (directly or indirectly) to authorized dealers or service providers. The Federal Trade Commission shall enforce the provisions of this Act in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U. 41 et seq. C. 7521(m)) with regard to motor vehicle emissions control diagnostics systems; or (B) conflict with rules prescribed by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. In any case in which the attorney general of a State has reason to believe that an interest of the residents of the State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by the engagement of any person subject to a provision of section 4 or a rule prescribed under section 5(c) in a practice that violates such provision or rule, the State may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States or other court of competent jurisdiction (1) to enjoin that practice; (2) to enforce compliance with the provision or rule; (3) to obtain damages, restitution, or other compensation on behalf of residents of the State; or (4) to obtain such other relief as the court considers appropriate. (B) Continued participation of states. Nothing in this section may be construed to prevent the attorney general of a State from exercising the powers conferred on such attorney general by the laws of such State to conduct investigations or to administer oaths or affirmations or to compel the attendance of witnesses or the production of documentary and other evidence. If the Federal Trade Commission institutes a civil action or an administrative action to enforce a violation of a rule prescribed under section 5(c), no State may, during the pendency of such action, bring a civil action under subsection (a) against any defendant named in the complaint of the Commission for violation of a rule prescribed under section 5(c) that is alleged in such complaint. In addition to actions brought by an attorney general of a State under subsection (a), an action may be brought by officers of a State who are so authorized. (2) Savings provision. The Federal Trade Commission shall cooperate with the Secretary of Transportation in preparing a technical service bulletin that the Secretary intends to publish on an Internet Web site of the Federal Government.