SECTION 1. Congress makes the following findings: (1) There is currently not a democratic government in Iran. Instead, Iran is an ideological dictatorship presided over by an unelected Supreme Leader with limitless veto power, an unelected Expediency Council, and a Council of Guardians capable of eviscerating any reforms. (2) The Supreme Leader appoints the heads of the judiciary, the clergy members on the powerful Council of Guardians, the commanders of all the armed forces, Friday prayer leaders, and the head of radio and television and confirms the president's election, rendering him the most powerful person in Iranian politics with little accountability within the political system. (3) Members of the Council of Guardians in Iran, who are chosen by the Supreme Leader, must vet all candidates for election based on their political predispositions and all legislation before it can be entered into law. Elections held in February 2004 resulted in significant gains by conservative hardliners affiliated with the regime's clerical army, the Pasdaran, culminating in the election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in June 2005. Torture, executions after unfair trials, and censorship of all media remain rampant throughout the country. (7) The United Nations General Assembly adopted Resolution 61/176 on December 19, 2006, to express its grave concern over the deteriorating human rights situation in Iran. The resolution urges the Government of Iran to ensure full respect for the rights to freedom of assembly, opinion and expression. to eliminate the use of torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Uniformed police officers are fearful of challenging plainclothes agents, who belong to groups such as Ansare Hizbollah and Basij. (10) According to the 2006 State Department International Religious Freedom Report, the population of Iran is 89 percent Shi'a Muslim and 8 percent Sunni Muslim; less than 2 percent of the remaining population is comprised of Baha'is, Jews, Christians, Mandaeans, and Zoroastrians. (12) Ambeyi Ligabo, United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Right to Freedom of Opinion and Expression, submitted a report to the Commission on Human Rights in 2004 on Civil and Political Rights, Including the Question of Freedom of Expression. Ligabo asserted that the climate of fear induced by the systematic repression of people expressing critical views against the authorized political and religious doctrine and the functioning of the institutions coupled with the severe and disproportionate sentences imposed lead to self censorship on the part of many journalists, intellectuals, politicians, students and the population at large, thus in effect impeding freedom of expression. Kazemi for three days. Kazemi was beaten, and she died of a brain hemorrhage on July 23, 2003. The 2006 State Department Country Reports on Human Rights Practices stated that the weight of a woman's court testimony in Iran is half that of a man's testimony and the family of a female crime victim in that country receives only half the amount of blood money provided to the family of a male crime victim. The Government of Iran mandates gender segregation in most public spaces, including on public buses and at entrances to public buildings, universities, and airports. (a) Foreign Policy Priorities. Section 302 of such Act is amended (1) by amending the section header to read as follows: support for democracy and human rights in iran; and (2) by redesignating subsections (a) through (g) as subsections (b) through (h), respectively; (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated (A) by inserting , acting through the Special Envoy, after The President; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking (g) and inserting (h); and (4) by inserting before subsection (b) the following: (a) Special Envoy on Human Rights in Iran. The Special Envoy should (A) be a person of recognized distinction in the field of human rights; (B) not be an incumbent official of the Department of State; and (C) report directly to the Secretary of State. The Special Envoy shall (i) support and promote international efforts to promote human rights and political freedoms in Iran, including coordination between the United States and the United Nations, the European Union, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, and countries in the region; (ii) establish the regional framework described in section 304; (iii) coordinate with appropriate offices of the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the National Security Council, and such other agencies as may be necessary to coordinate the establishment and operation of the regional framework; (iv) serve as point of contact for opposition groups, diaspora groups, and nongovernmental organizations interested in advocating democracy and human rights in Iran; (v) coordinate efforts with appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government, international organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and individuals and organizations from the Iranian diaspora to acquire greater information and reporting on conditions in Iran; (vi) oversee funding for, and providing consultative authority with respect to, public and private broadcasting into Iran; and (vii) review strategies for improving the protection of human rights in Iran, including technical training and exchange programs. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Human Rights Act of 2007, and annually thereafter for each of the following 5 years, the Special Envoy shall submit a report on the activities undertaken under paragraph (2) during the preceding 12 months to (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. Congress finds that human rights initiatives can be undertaken on a multilateral basis, as demonstrated by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which established a regional framework for discussing human rights, scientific and educational cooperation, and economic and trade issues. It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should explore the possibility of a regional human rights dialogue on Iran that is modeled on the Helsinki process established by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, engaging all countries in the region in a common commitment to respect human rights and fundamental freedoms.SECTION 1. Congress makes the following findings: (1) There is currently not a democratic government in Iran. Instead, Iran is an ideological dictatorship presided over by an unelected Supreme Leader with limitless veto power, an unelected Expediency Council, and a Council of Guardians capable of eviscerating any reforms. (2) The Supreme Leader appoints the heads of the judiciary, the clergy members on the powerful Council of Guardians, the commanders of all the armed forces, Friday prayer leaders, and the head of radio and television and confirms the president's election, rendering him the most powerful person in Iranian politics with little accountability within the political system. (3) Members of the Council of Guardians in Iran, who are chosen by the Supreme Leader, must vet all candidates for election based on their political predispositions and all legislation before it can be entered into law. Elections held in February 2004 resulted in significant gains by conservative hardliners affiliated with the regime's clerical army, the Pasdaran, culminating in the election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in June 2005. Torture, executions after unfair trials, and censorship of all media remain rampant throughout the country. (7) The United Nations General Assembly adopted Resolution 61/176 on December 19, 2006, to express its grave concern over the deteriorating human rights situation in Iran. The resolution urges the Government of Iran to ensure full respect for the rights to freedom of assembly, opinion and expression. to eliminate the use of torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Uniformed police officers are fearful of challenging plainclothes agents, who belong to groups such as Ansare Hizbollah and Basij. (10) According to the 2006 State Department International Religious Freedom Report, the population of Iran is 89 percent Shi'a Muslim and 8 percent Sunni Muslim; less than 2 percent of the remaining population is comprised of Baha'is, Jews, Christians, Mandaeans, and Zoroastrians. (12) Ambeyi Ligabo, United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Right to Freedom of Opinion and Expression, submitted a report to the Commission on Human Rights in 2004 on Civil and Political Rights, Including the Question of Freedom of Expression. Ligabo asserted that the climate of fear induced by the systematic repression of people expressing critical views against the authorized political and religious doctrine and the functioning of the institutions coupled with the severe and disproportionate sentences imposed lead to self censorship on the part of many journalists, intellectuals, politicians, students and the population at large, thus in effect impeding freedom of expression. Kazemi for three days. Kazemi was beaten, and she died of a brain hemorrhage on July 23, 2003. The 2006 State Department Country Reports on Human Rights Practices stated that the weight of a woman's court testimony in Iran is half that of a man's testimony and the family of a female crime victim in that country receives only half the amount of blood money provided to the family of a male crime victim. The Government of Iran mandates gender segregation in most public spaces, including on public buses and at entrances to public buildings, universities, and airports. (a) Foreign Policy Priorities. Section 302 of such Act is amended (1) by amending the section header to read as follows: support for democracy and human rights in iran; and (2) by redesignating subsections (a) through (g) as subsections (b) through (h), respectively; (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated (A) by inserting , acting through the Special Envoy, after The President; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking (g) and inserting (h); and (4) by inserting before subsection (b) the following: (a) Special Envoy on Human Rights in Iran. The Special Envoy should (A) be a person of recognized distinction in the field of human rights; (B) not be an incumbent official of the Department of State; and (C) report directly to the Secretary of State. The Special Envoy shall (i) support and promote international efforts to promote human rights and political freedoms in Iran, including coordination between the United States and the United Nations, the European Union, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, and countries in the region; (ii) establish the regional framework described in section 304; (iii) coordinate with appropriate offices of the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the National Security Council, and such other agencies as may be necessary to coordinate the establishment and operation of the regional framework; (iv) serve as point of contact for opposition groups, diaspora groups, and nongovernmental organizations interested in advocating democracy and human rights in Iran; (v) coordinate efforts with appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government, international organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and individuals and organizations from the Iranian diaspora to acquire greater information and reporting on conditions in Iran; (vi) oversee funding for, and providing consultative authority with respect to, public and private broadcasting into Iran; and (vii) review strategies for improving the protection of human rights in Iran, including technical training and exchange programs. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Human Rights Act of 2007, and annually thereafter for each of the following 5 years, the Special Envoy shall submit a report on the activities undertaken under paragraph (2) during the preceding 12 months to (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. Congress finds that human rights initiatives can be undertaken on a multilateral basis, as demonstrated by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which established a regional framework for discussing human rights, scientific and educational cooperation, and economic and trade issues. It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should explore the possibility of a regional human rights dialogue on Iran that is modeled on the Helsinki process established by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, engaging all countries in the region in a common commitment to respect human rights and fundamental freedoms.