SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Magistrate Judge Improvement Act of 2000. A United States magistrate judge serving under this chapter shall have within the territorial jurisdiction prescribed by his or her appointment the power to exercise contempt authority as set forth in this subsection. (2) Summary criminal contempt authority. In any case in which a United States magistrate judge presides with the consent of the parties under subsection (c) of this section, and in any misdemeanor case proceeding before a magistrate judge under section 3401 of title 18, the magistrate judge shall have the power to punish by fine or imprisonment such criminal contempt constituting disobedience or resistance to the lawful writ, process, order, rule, decree, or command of the magistrate judge. Disposition of such contempt shall be conducted upon notice and hearing pursuant to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. The sentence imposed by a magistrate judge for any criminal contempt set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection shall not exceed the penalties for a class C misdemeanor as set forth in sections 3571(b)(6) and 3581(b)(8) of title 18. (A) In general. An act is described in this subparagraph if it is (i) in any case in which a United States magistrate judge presides with the consent of the parties under subsection (c) of this section, or in any misdemeanor case proceeding before a magistrate judge under section 3401 of title 18, an act that may, in the opinion of the magistrate judge, constitute a serious criminal contempt punishable by penalties exceeding those set forth in paragraph (5) of this subsection; or (ii) in any other case or proceeding under subsection (a) or (b), or any other statute (I) an act committed in the presence of the magistrate judge that may, in the opinion of the magistrate judge, constitute a serious criminal contempt punishable by penalties exceeding those set forth in paragraph (5); (II) an act that constitutes a criminal contempt that occurs outside the presence of the magistrate judge; or (III) an act that constitutes a civil contempt. The appeal of any other order of contempt issued pursuant to this section shall be made to the district court. ; (2) in the second sentence by striking any other class B or C misdemeanor case and inserting the case of any misdemeanor, other than a petty offense,; and (3) by striking the last sentence.SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Magistrate Judge Improvement Act of 2000. A United States magistrate judge serving under this chapter shall have within the territorial jurisdiction prescribed by his or her appointment the power to exercise contempt authority as set forth in this subsection. (2) Summary criminal contempt authority. In any case in which a United States magistrate judge presides with the consent of the parties under subsection (c) of this section, and in any misdemeanor case proceeding before a magistrate judge under section 3401 of title 18, the magistrate judge shall have the power to punish by fine or imprisonment such criminal contempt constituting disobedience or resistance to the lawful writ, process, order, rule, decree, or command of the magistrate judge. Disposition of such contempt shall be conducted upon notice and hearing pursuant to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. The sentence imposed by a magistrate judge for any criminal contempt set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection shall not exceed the penalties for a class C misdemeanor as set forth in sections 3571(b)(6) and 3581(b)(8) of title 18. (A) In general. An act is described in this subparagraph if it is (i) in any case in which a United States magistrate judge presides with the consent of the parties under subsection (c) of this section, or in any misdemeanor case proceeding before a magistrate judge under section 3401 of title 18, an act that may, in the opinion of the magistrate judge, constitute a serious criminal contempt punishable by penalties exceeding those set forth in paragraph (5) of this subsection; or (ii) in any other case or proceeding under subsection (a) or (b), or any other statute (I) an act committed in the presence of the magistrate judge that may, in the opinion of the magistrate judge, constitute a serious criminal contempt punishable by penalties exceeding those set forth in paragraph (5); (II) an act that constitutes a criminal contempt that occurs outside the presence of the magistrate judge; or (III) an act that constitutes a civil contempt. The appeal of any other order of contempt issued pursuant to this section shall be made to the district court. ; (2) in the second sentence by striking any other class B or C misdemeanor case and inserting the case of any misdemeanor, other than a petty offense,; and (3) by striking the last sentence.