SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO REQUIRE NEW PENALTIES AND ADMINISTRATOR VERIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SUBSIDY PROGRAMS. 13082) is amended (1) in subsection (b), by striking the Secretary may for a period not to exceed 5 crop years deny the issuance of payments to the person or legal entity. ; (2) by redesignating subsections (c) through (e) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; and (3) after subsection (b), by inserting the following new subsection: (c) Repayment. The request for verification shall include the following: (A) The name of the person or legal entity. (C) Any other information that the Secretary determines to be relevant in assisting the Administrator in verifying the average adjusted gross income, average adjusted gross farm income, and average adjusted gross nonfarm income of the person or legal entity. A person or legal entity subject to denial of benefits under paragraph (2) may request a reconsideration of the denial by the Farm Service Agency office serving the location in which the person or legal entity resides or operates. The person or legal entity shall submit evidence, accompanied with a certification by a certified public accountant, to support the claim that the person or legal entity satisfies the income eligibility requirements under subsection (b). If the Farm Service Agency determines that the claim of the person or legal entity is supported by the evidence submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit the evidence to the Administrator for a second determination under paragraph (2)(A). The Farm Service Agency shall make the determination in subparagraph (B) within 30 days after the date on which the person or legal entity submits the evidence under subparagraph (A). A person or legal entity may not apply for more than one redetermination, as described under paragraph (3), a calendar year.SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO REQUIRE NEW PENALTIES AND ADMINISTRATOR VERIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SUBSIDY PROGRAMS. 13082) is amended (1) in subsection (b), by striking the Secretary may for a period not to exceed 5 crop years deny the issuance of payments to the person or legal entity. ; (2) by redesignating subsections (c) through (e) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; and (3) after subsection (b), by inserting the following new subsection: (c) Repayment. The request for verification shall include the following: (A) The name of the person or legal entity. (C) Any other information that the Secretary determines to be relevant in assisting the Administrator in verifying the average adjusted gross income, average adjusted gross farm income, and average adjusted gross nonfarm income of the person or legal entity. A person or legal entity subject to denial of benefits under paragraph (2) may request a reconsideration of the denial by the Farm Service Agency office serving the location in which the person or legal entity resides or operates. The person or legal entity shall submit evidence, accompanied with a certification by a certified public accountant, to support the claim that the person or legal entity satisfies the income eligibility requirements under subsection (b). If the Farm Service Agency determines that the claim of the person or legal entity is supported by the evidence submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit the evidence to the Administrator for a second determination under paragraph (2)(A). The Farm Service Agency shall make the determination in subparagraph (B) within 30 days after the date on which the person or legal entity submits the evidence under subparagraph (A). A person or legal entity may not apply for more than one redetermination, as described under paragraph (3), a calendar year.