SECTION 1. DISCLOSURE BY PRESIDENT OF INCOME, ASSETS, AND LIABILITIES ASSOCIATED WITH COUNTRIES WITH WHICH THE UNITED STATES IS NEGOTIATING A TRADE OR INVESTMENT AGREEMENT. Before initiating or continuing negotiations with a country for a trade or investment agreement, the President shall submit to Congress a report, in accordance with subsection (b) or (c), containing a full and complete statement of income earned, assets held, and liabilities owed by the President and associated with the country in the 12month period preceding the submission of the report. S. 4201 et seq. ) with respect to which the President is required to submit a notification under section 103(a)(2) or 105(a)(1)(A) of that Act (19 U. C. S. In the case of negotiations for a trade or investment agreement with a country initiated before the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit the report required by subsection (a) with respect to that country not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. SEC. 2251) with respect to which a document is required to be transmitted to Congress under section 203(b) of that Act (19 U. S. C. 2253(b)), not less than 30 days before the President transmits the document; (2) in the case of a covered action under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. S. C. The term covered action means (A) the modification under a trade enforcement law of a duty imposed with respect to articles imported from a country; or (B) waiving action, or declining to exercise authority to take action, under a trade enforcement law in a trade enforcement matter with respect to a country. S. 4421); (H) the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U. The President shall submit the report required by subsection (a) (1) in the case of a covered action under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. 2703(b)(2)(A)(v)(II)(cc)), at the time the President submits the notification or report; or (3) in the case of a covered action not covered by paragraph (1) or (2), not later than 60 days before taking the action. (c) Definitions. The term covered action means (A) the designation of a country as eligible for preferential treatment under a trade preference program; (B) the termination of such a designation; (C) any determination with respect to the eligibility of an article for preferential treatment under a trade preference program; (D) the withdrawal, suspension, or limitation of preferential treatment under a trade preference program with respect to a country or an article; or (E) the exercise of the authority to waive the competitive need limitation with respect to an article under section 503(d) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. ); or (D) section 915 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U. 102(a)), with respect to each source of income, each asset, and each liability associated with the country; and (2) a detailed description of the nature of the association of each such source of income, asset, or liability with the country. Except as provided in subparagraph (B), with respect to a country, the term person of the country means (i) an individual who is a citizen of the country; or (ii) a branch, partnership, group or subgroup, association, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or other organization if (I) it is organized under the laws of the country; (II) its principal place of business is in the country; or (III) its equity securities are primarily traded on one or more exchanges of the country. The term person of the country does not include any branch, partnership, group or subgroup, association, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or other organization for which it is demonstrated that a majority of the equity interest in the organization is ultimately owned by nationals of the United States.SECTION 1. DISCLOSURE BY PRESIDENT OF INCOME, ASSETS, AND LIABILITIES ASSOCIATED WITH COUNTRIES WITH WHICH THE UNITED STATES IS NEGOTIATING A TRADE OR INVESTMENT AGREEMENT. Before initiating or continuing negotiations with a country for a trade or investment agreement, the President shall submit to Congress a report, in accordance with subsection (b) or (c), containing a full and complete statement of income earned, assets held, and liabilities owed by the President and associated with the country in the 12month period preceding the submission of the report. S. 4201 et seq. ) with respect to which the President is required to submit a notification under section 103(a)(2) or 105(a)(1)(A) of that Act (19 U. C. S. In the case of negotiations for a trade or investment agreement with a country initiated before the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit the report required by subsection (a) with respect to that country not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. SEC. 2251) with respect to which a document is required to be transmitted to Congress under section 203(b) of that Act (19 U. S. C. 2253(b)), not less than 30 days before the President transmits the document; (2) in the case of a covered action under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. S. C. The term covered action means (A) the modification under a trade enforcement law of a duty imposed with respect to articles imported from a country; or (B) waiving action, or declining to exercise authority to take action, under a trade enforcement law in a trade enforcement matter with respect to a country. S. 4421); (H) the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U. The President shall submit the report required by subsection (a) (1) in the case of a covered action under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. 2703(b)(2)(A)(v)(II)(cc)), at the time the President submits the notification or report; or (3) in the case of a covered action not covered by paragraph (1) or (2), not later than 60 days before taking the action. (c) Definitions. The term covered action means (A) the designation of a country as eligible for preferential treatment under a trade preference program; (B) the termination of such a designation; (C) any determination with respect to the eligibility of an article for preferential treatment under a trade preference program; (D) the withdrawal, suspension, or limitation of preferential treatment under a trade preference program with respect to a country or an article; or (E) the exercise of the authority to waive the competitive need limitation with respect to an article under section 503(d) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U. ); or (D) section 915 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U. 102(a)), with respect to each source of income, each asset, and each liability associated with the country; and (2) a detailed description of the nature of the association of each such source of income, asset, or liability with the country. Except as provided in subparagraph (B), with respect to a country, the term person of the country means (i) an individual who is a citizen of the country; or (ii) a branch, partnership, group or subgroup, association, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or other organization if (I) it is organized under the laws of the country; (II) its principal place of business is in the country; or (III) its equity securities are primarily traded on one or more exchanges of the country. The term person of the country does not include any branch, partnership, group or subgroup, association, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or other organization for which it is demonstrated that a majority of the equity interest in the organization is ultimately owned by nationals of the United States.