2. ENHANCED BENEFITS UNDER MONTGOMERY GI BILL FOR FOUR YEARS OF ACTIVEDUTY SERVICE. Chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: SUBCHAPTER VENHANCED EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE Sec. An eligible individual is entitled to enhanced educational assistance under this subchapter. For purposes of this subchapter, the term `eligible individual' means an individual who meets the service requirement described in subsection (c) and whose status after completion of such service is described in section 3011(a)(2) of this title. (1) The service requirement referred to in subsection (b) is as follows: (A) After September 30, 2003, the individual (i) first enters on active duty; (ii) reenlists or extends an enlistment on active duty as a member of the Armed Forces; or (iii) in the case of an officer, continues to serve on active duty after that date. (B) From the date of such entry, reenlistment, extension, or continuation, as the case may be, the individual (i) serves a continuous period of active duty of at least four years in the Armed Forces; or (ii) serves on active duty in the Armed Forces and is discharged or released from active duty (I) as provided in subclause (I) of section 3011(a)(1)(A)(ii) of this title; (II) for the convenience of the Government, after having completed not less than 42 months of continuous active duty; or (III) as provided in subclause (III) of section 3011(a)(1)(A)(ii) of this title. (C) Subsections (g) and (h) of section 3011 of this title apply with respect to an eligible individual under this section in the same manner as they apply to an individual under section 3011 of this title. (1) An eligible individual entitled to enhanced educational assistance under this subchapter may elect (in a form and manner prescribed by the Secretary) to receive basic educational assistance under subchapter II in lieu of such enhanced educational assistance for an enrollment period. Subject to section 3695 of this title and except as provided in subsection (b), each individual entitled to enhanced educational assistance under section 3041 of this title is entitled to a monthly enhanced educational assistance allowance under this subchapter for a period or periods not to exceed a total of 36 months (or the equivalent thereof in parttime enhanced educational assistance). Payment of educational expenses (a) In General. (b) Stipend; Costs of Books and Supplies. (c) Exclusion From Income for Eligibility Determinations for Federal Educational Loans. (2) At the monthly rate of $700 for an approved program of education pursued on a threequartertime basis. (b) Conforming Amendments. (2) Section 3011 of such title is amended in subsection (f)(1) and (g) by striking chapter each place it appears and inserting subchapter. Enhanced educational assistance entitlement. (1) Active duty program. (B) Sections 3018A and 3018B of such title are each amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Notwithstanding subsection (b), no reduction in the pay of an individual under this section shall be made for months beginning after September 30, 2003. Any obligation of such individual under subsection (b) as of such date shall be deemed to be fully satisfied as of such date. (1) Active duty. (A) Section 3011(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (C)(i) Section 3018B(a)(1) of such title is amended (I) by striking subparagraph (B); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), respectively; and (III) in subparagraphs (C) and (D), as so redesignated, by striking subparagraph (C) of this paragraph and inserting subparagraph (B). (D)(i) Section 3018B(a)(2) of such title is amended (I) by striking subparagraph (B); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), respectively; (III) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by striking paragraph (1)(C) of this subsection and inserting paragraph (1)(B); and (IV) in subparagraphs (C) and (D), as so redesignated, by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting subparagraph (B). The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on October 1, 2003, and shall apply with respect to individuals applying for basic educational assistance under chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, on or after such date. (c) Education Outreach Services to Members of the Armed Forces.2. ENHANCED BENEFITS UNDER MONTGOMERY GI BILL FOR FOUR YEARS OF ACTIVEDUTY SERVICE. Chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: SUBCHAPTER VENHANCED EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE Sec. An eligible individual is entitled to enhanced educational assistance under this subchapter. For purposes of this subchapter, the term `eligible individual' means an individual who meets the service requirement described in subsection (c) and whose status after completion of such service is described in section 3011(a)(2) of this title. (1) The service requirement referred to in subsection (b) is as follows: (A) After September 30, 2003, the individual (i) first enters on active duty; (ii) reenlists or extends an enlistment on active duty as a member of the Armed Forces; or (iii) in the case of an officer, continues to serve on active duty after that date. (B) From the date of such entry, reenlistment, extension, or continuation, as the case may be, the individual (i) serves a continuous period of active duty of at least four years in the Armed Forces; or (ii) serves on active duty in the Armed Forces and is discharged or released from active duty (I) as provided in subclause (I) of section 3011(a)(1)(A)(ii) of this title; (II) for the convenience of the Government, after having completed not less than 42 months of continuous active duty; or (III) as provided in subclause (III) of section 3011(a)(1)(A)(ii) of this title. (C) Subsections (g) and (h) of section 3011 of this title apply with respect to an eligible individual under this section in the same manner as they apply to an individual under section 3011 of this title. (1) An eligible individual entitled to enhanced educational assistance under this subchapter may elect (in a form and manner prescribed by the Secretary) to receive basic educational assistance under subchapter II in lieu of such enhanced educational assistance for an enrollment period. Subject to section 3695 of this title and except as provided in subsection (b), each individual entitled to enhanced educational assistance under section 3041 of this title is entitled to a monthly enhanced educational assistance allowance under this subchapter for a period or periods not to exceed a total of 36 months (or the equivalent thereof in parttime enhanced educational assistance). Payment of educational expenses (a) In General. (b) Stipend; Costs of Books and Supplies. (c) Exclusion From Income for Eligibility Determinations for Federal Educational Loans. (2) At the monthly rate of $700 for an approved program of education pursued on a threequartertime basis. (b) Conforming Amendments. (2) Section 3011 of such title is amended in subsection (f)(1) and (g) by striking chapter each place it appears and inserting subchapter. Enhanced educational assistance entitlement. (1) Active duty program. (B) Sections 3018A and 3018B of such title are each amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Notwithstanding subsection (b), no reduction in the pay of an individual under this section shall be made for months beginning after September 30, 2003. Any obligation of such individual under subsection (b) as of such date shall be deemed to be fully satisfied as of such date. (1) Active duty. (A) Section 3011(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (C)(i) Section 3018B(a)(1) of such title is amended (I) by striking subparagraph (B); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), respectively; and (III) in subparagraphs (C) and (D), as so redesignated, by striking subparagraph (C) of this paragraph and inserting subparagraph (B). (D)(i) Section 3018B(a)(2) of such title is amended (I) by striking subparagraph (B); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), respectively; (III) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by striking paragraph (1)(C) of this subsection and inserting paragraph (1)(B); and (IV) in subparagraphs (C) and (D), as so redesignated, by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting subparagraph (B). The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on October 1, 2003, and shall apply with respect to individuals applying for basic educational assistance under chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, on or after such date. (c) Education Outreach Services to Members of the Armed Forces.