SEC. (A) Programming choice required. The authority to regulate rates under this subsection shall not apply to cable programming services provided after March 31, 1999, by a cable system unless the franchising authority for such cable system, after notice and opportunity for a public hearing at which the operator, subscribers, and other interested persons may appear and present evidence, certifies to the Commission that the cable operator of such system is not providing to subscribers an acceptable range of programming choices to the extent technically feasible and economically reasonable. Such factors may include (but are not limited to) the factors described in paragraph (2) and any one or more of the following: (i) delivery of the packages is technically feasible based on the current and expected capability of the system; (ii) delivery of the packages is economically reasonable based on the technical requirements for delivery of the packages; (iii) delivery of the packages can be performed without jeopardizing security of multichannel video programming and other services offered over the system, or impeding the legal rights of the system operator to prevent theft of service; (iv) any revenues received by the cable operator and cable programming providers from advertising, including the economic effect of offering additional programming choices on advertising revenues and subscriber rates; (v) the packages permit subscribers to subscribe to significantly less than the majority of upper tier programing services available; and (vi) the packages are related to the program category interests of groups as demonstrated by polling, surveys, referenda, statistics, or other comparable means based on statistics from the franchising area. Upon receipt of a request for review from a cable operator, the Commission may review any certification submitted under subparagraph (A) and may rescind such certification if the Commission determines that the determination of the franchising authority is arbitrary and capricious. (E) No effect on effective competition test. Notwithstanding any certification under this paragraph, a cable system that is subject to effective competition, as determined under subsection (a)(2), shall not be subject to regulation under this subsection. (a) Amendments To Extend and Revise Program Access Requirements. 548) is amended (1) in subsection (a), by striking satellite cable programming and satellite broadcast programming and inserting multichannel video programming; (2) in subsection (b) (A) by striking cable operator, a satellite cable programming vendor in which a cable operator has an attributable interest, or a satellite broadcast programming vendor and inserting multichannel video programming distributor; and (B) by striking satellite cable programming or satellite broadcast programming and inserting multichannel video programming; (3) in subsection (c) (A) by striking Within 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission in paragraph (1) and inserting The Commission; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: (2) Minimum contents of regulations. No contract entered into after June 1, 1990, and before such date of enactment that grants such rights may continue in effect after 120 days after the date of enactment of the Video Competition and Consumer Choice Act of 1998. ; (5) in subsection (i), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (5) The term `multichannel video programming' means video programming which is transmitted by any means and which is primarily intended for the direct receipt by multichannel video programming distributors for retransmission to their subscribers. (6) The term `multichannel video programming vendor' means a person engaged in the production, creation, or wholesale distribution for sale of multichannel video programming. Any provision that applies to a multichannel video programming distributor or multichannel video programming vendor under this section shall apply to a common carrier or its affiliate that provides multichannel video programming. Each cable operator of a cable system shall make available for sale to its subscribers a separately packaged lifeline service tier. A cable operator may not add additional video programming signals or services to the lifeline service tier. Such regulations shall be designed to achieve the goals of (i) ensuring that rates for the lifeline service tier are reasonable; and (ii) promoting multichannel video programming distribution competition.SEC. (A) Programming choice required. The authority to regulate rates under this subsection shall not apply to cable programming services provided after March 31, 1999, by a cable system unless the franchising authority for such cable system, after notice and opportunity for a public hearing at which the operator, subscribers, and other interested persons may appear and present evidence, certifies to the Commission that the cable operator of such system is not providing to subscribers an acceptable range of programming choices to the extent technically feasible and economically reasonable. Such factors may include (but are not limited to) the factors described in paragraph (2) and any one or more of the following: (i) delivery of the packages is technically feasible based on the current and expected capability of the system; (ii) delivery of the packages is economically reasonable based on the technical requirements for delivery of the packages; (iii) delivery of the packages can be performed without jeopardizing security of multichannel video programming and other services offered over the system, or impeding the legal rights of the system operator to prevent theft of service; (iv) any revenues received by the cable operator and cable programming providers from advertising, including the economic effect of offering additional programming choices on advertising revenues and subscriber rates; (v) the packages permit subscribers to subscribe to significantly less than the majority of upper tier programing services available; and (vi) the packages are related to the program category interests of groups as demonstrated by polling, surveys, referenda, statistics, or other comparable means based on statistics from the franchising area. Upon receipt of a request for review from a cable operator, the Commission may review any certification submitted under subparagraph (A) and may rescind such certification if the Commission determines that the determination of the franchising authority is arbitrary and capricious. (E) No effect on effective competition test. Notwithstanding any certification under this paragraph, a cable system that is subject to effective competition, as determined under subsection (a)(2), shall not be subject to regulation under this subsection. (a) Amendments To Extend and Revise Program Access Requirements. 548) is amended (1) in subsection (a), by striking satellite cable programming and satellite broadcast programming and inserting multichannel video programming; (2) in subsection (b) (A) by striking cable operator, a satellite cable programming vendor in which a cable operator has an attributable interest, or a satellite broadcast programming vendor and inserting multichannel video programming distributor; and (B) by striking satellite cable programming or satellite broadcast programming and inserting multichannel video programming; (3) in subsection (c) (A) by striking Within 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission in paragraph (1) and inserting The Commission; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: (2) Minimum contents of regulations. No contract entered into after June 1, 1990, and before such date of enactment that grants such rights may continue in effect after 120 days after the date of enactment of the Video Competition and Consumer Choice Act of 1998. ; (5) in subsection (i), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (5) The term `multichannel video programming' means video programming which is transmitted by any means and which is primarily intended for the direct receipt by multichannel video programming distributors for retransmission to their subscribers. (6) The term `multichannel video programming vendor' means a person engaged in the production, creation, or wholesale distribution for sale of multichannel video programming. Any provision that applies to a multichannel video programming distributor or multichannel video programming vendor under this section shall apply to a common carrier or its affiliate that provides multichannel video programming. Each cable operator of a cable system shall make available for sale to its subscribers a separately packaged lifeline service tier. A cable operator may not add additional video programming signals or services to the lifeline service tier. Such regulations shall be designed to achieve the goals of (i) ensuring that rates for the lifeline service tier are reasonable; and (ii) promoting multichannel video programming distribution competition.