SECTION 1. (2) Amateur radio, at no cost to taxpayers, provides a fertile ground for technical selftraining in modern telecommunications, electronics technology, and emergency communications techniques and protocols. Commission policy has been and is to require States and localities to permit erection of a station antenna structure at heights and dimensions sufficient to accommodate amateur service communications. (7) In recognition of these considerations, a separate Federal policy than exists at section 97. (8) Community associations should fairly administer private land use regulations in the interest of their communities, while nevertheless permitting the installation and maintenance of effective outdoor amateur radio antennas. There exist antenna designs and installations that can be consistent with the aesthetics and physical characteristics of land and structures in community associations while accommodating communications in the amateur radio services. 3. Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall amend section 97. In amending its rules as required by subsection (a), the Commission shall (1) require any licensee in an amateur radio service to notify and obtain prior approval from a community association concerning installation of an outdoor antenna; (2) permit a community association to prohibit installation of any antenna or antenna support structure by a licensee in an amateur radio service on common property not under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; and (3) subject to the standards specified in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), permit a community association to establish reasonable written rules concerning height, location, size, and aesthetic impact of, and installation requirements for, outdoor antennas and support structures for the purpose of conducting communications in the amateur radio services. SEC. AFFIRMATION OF LIMITED PREEMPTION OF STATE AND LOCAL LAND USE REGULATION. The term community association means any nonprofit mandatory membership organization composed of owners of real estate described in a declaration of covenants or created pursuant to a covenant or other applicable law with respect to which a person, by virtue of the person's ownership of or interest in a unit or parcel, is obligated to pay for a share of real estate taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance, improvement, services, or other expenses related to common elements, other units, or any other real estate other than the unit or parcel described in the declaration.SECTION 1. (2) Amateur radio, at no cost to taxpayers, provides a fertile ground for technical selftraining in modern telecommunications, electronics technology, and emergency communications techniques and protocols. Commission policy has been and is to require States and localities to permit erection of a station antenna structure at heights and dimensions sufficient to accommodate amateur service communications. (7) In recognition of these considerations, a separate Federal policy than exists at section 97. (8) Community associations should fairly administer private land use regulations in the interest of their communities, while nevertheless permitting the installation and maintenance of effective outdoor amateur radio antennas. There exist antenna designs and installations that can be consistent with the aesthetics and physical characteristics of land and structures in community associations while accommodating communications in the amateur radio services. 3. Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall amend section 97. In amending its rules as required by subsection (a), the Commission shall (1) require any licensee in an amateur radio service to notify and obtain prior approval from a community association concerning installation of an outdoor antenna; (2) permit a community association to prohibit installation of any antenna or antenna support structure by a licensee in an amateur radio service on common property not under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; and (3) subject to the standards specified in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), permit a community association to establish reasonable written rules concerning height, location, size, and aesthetic impact of, and installation requirements for, outdoor antennas and support structures for the purpose of conducting communications in the amateur radio services. SEC. AFFIRMATION OF LIMITED PREEMPTION OF STATE AND LOCAL LAND USE REGULATION. The term community association means any nonprofit mandatory membership organization composed of owners of real estate described in a declaration of covenants or created pursuant to a covenant or other applicable law with respect to which a person, by virtue of the person's ownership of or interest in a unit or parcel, is obligated to pay for a share of real estate taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance, improvement, services, or other expenses related to common elements, other units, or any other real estate other than the unit or parcel described in the declaration.