This Act may be cited as the Women's Autoimmune Diseases Research and Prevention Act. 2. The Congress finds that (1) The term autoimmune disease refers to a varied group of more than 80 serious, chronic illnesses that involve the human organ system, the nervous, gastrointestinal and endocrine systems, the skin and other connective tissues, eyes, and blood and blood vessels. (2) These diseases include, but are not limited to, EpsteinBarr virus, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, scleroderma, multiple sclerosis, GuillainBarre syndrome, Hashimoto's thyroiditis, Graves' disease, and vasculitis syndromes. (4) 75 percent of autoimmune diseases occur in women, most frequently during but not limited to the childbearing years. (5) Taken together, autoimmune diseases represent the fourth largest cause of disability among women in the United States. (7) Autoimmune diseases remain among the most poorly understood and poorly recognized of any category of illnesses; while science suggest they may have a genetric component, they can cluster in families as different illnesses. (8) To help women live longer, healthier lives, more research is needed to shed light on genetic as well as hormonal and environmental risk factors that contribute to the causes of these diseases, as well as providing early diagnosis and treatment. SEC. EXPANSION AND INTENSIFICATION OF ACTIVITIES REGARDING AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES ON WOMEN. S. In this section, an `autoimmune disease' means an illness in which the body's immune system becomes misdirected, attacking the organs it was designed to protect. The Director of the Office on Women's Health in the Department of Health and Human Services shall expand, intensify, and coordinate research and related activities of the Department with respect to autoimmune diseases in women. (c) Coordination With Other Institutes. (2) Basic research concerning the etiology and causes of autoimmune diseases in women, including genetic, hormonal, and environmental factors. (3) Epidemiological studies to address the frequency and natural history of such diseases and the differences among men and women, and among racial and ethnic groups, with respect to such diseases. (6) Studies to gain a better understanding of methods of preventing autoimmune diseases in women. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2003 through 2007.This Act may be cited as the Women's Autoimmune Diseases Research and Prevention Act. 2. The Congress finds that (1) The term autoimmune disease refers to a varied group of more than 80 serious, chronic illnesses that involve the human organ system, the nervous, gastrointestinal and endocrine systems, the skin and other connective tissues, eyes, and blood and blood vessels. (2) These diseases include, but are not limited to, EpsteinBarr virus, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, scleroderma, multiple sclerosis, GuillainBarre syndrome, Hashimoto's thyroiditis, Graves' disease, and vasculitis syndromes. (4) 75 percent of autoimmune diseases occur in women, most frequently during but not limited to the childbearing years. (5) Taken together, autoimmune diseases represent the fourth largest cause of disability among women in the United States. (7) Autoimmune diseases remain among the most poorly understood and poorly recognized of any category of illnesses; while science suggest they may have a genetric component, they can cluster in families as different illnesses. (8) To help women live longer, healthier lives, more research is needed to shed light on genetic as well as hormonal and environmental risk factors that contribute to the causes of these diseases, as well as providing early diagnosis and treatment. SEC. EXPANSION AND INTENSIFICATION OF ACTIVITIES REGARDING AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES ON WOMEN. S. In this section, an `autoimmune disease' means an illness in which the body's immune system becomes misdirected, attacking the organs it was designed to protect. The Director of the Office on Women's Health in the Department of Health and Human Services shall expand, intensify, and coordinate research and related activities of the Department with respect to autoimmune diseases in women. (c) Coordination With Other Institutes. (2) Basic research concerning the etiology and causes of autoimmune diseases in women, including genetic, hormonal, and environmental factors. (3) Epidemiological studies to address the frequency and natural history of such diseases and the differences among men and women, and among racial and ethnic groups, with respect to such diseases. (6) Studies to gain a better understanding of methods of preventing autoimmune diseases in women. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2003 through 2007.