SECTION 1. 2. The term agency contract means an oral or written agreement in which a student athlete authorizes a person to negotiate or solicit on behalf of the student athlete a professional sports contract or an endorsement contract. The term athlete agent means an individual who enters into an agency contract with a student athlete, or directly or indirectly recruits or solicits a student athlete to enter into an agency contract, and does not include a spouse, parent, sibling, grandparent, or guardian of such student athlete, any legal counsel for purposes other than that of representative agency, or an individual acting solely on behalf of a professional sports team or professional sports organization. (3) Athletic director. The term athletic director means an individual responsible for administering the athletic program of an educational institution or, in the case that such program is administered separately, the athletic program for male students or the athletic program for female students, as appropriate. The term endorsement contract means an agreement under which a student athlete is employed or receives consideration for the use by the other party of that individual's person, name, image, or likeness in the promotion of any product, service, or event. The term professional sports contract means an agreement under which an individual is employed, or agrees to render services, as a player on a professional sports team, with a professional sports organization, or as a professional athlete. (8) State. The term State includes a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or any territory or insular possession subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. SEC. 3. It is unlawful for an athlete agent to (1) directly or indirectly recruit or solicit a student athlete to enter into an agency contract, by (A) giving any false or misleading information or making a false promise or representation; or (B) providing anything of value to a student athlete or anyone associated with the student athlete before the student athlete enters into an agency contract including any consideration in the form of a loan, or acting in the capacity of a guarantor or co guarantor for any debt; (2) enter into an agency contract with a student athlete without providing the student athlete with the disclosure document described in subsection (b); or (3) predate or postdate an agency contract. (1) In general. The disclosure document must be signed by the student athlete, or, if the student athlete is under the age of 18 by such student athlete's parent or legal guardian, prior to entering into the agency contract. The disclosure document must contain, in close proximity to the signature of the student athlete, or, if the student athlete is under the age of 18, the signature of such student athlete's parent or legal guardian, a conspicuous notice in boldface type stating: Warning to Student Athlete: If you agree orally or in writing to be represented by an agent now or in the future you may lose your eligibility to compete as a student athlete in your sport. S. 57a(a)(1)(B)). ACTIONS BY STATES. Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to the filing of an action by an attorney general of a State under this subsection, if the attorney general determines that it is not feasible to provide the notice described in that subparagraph before filing of the action. If the Commission intervenes in an action under subsection (a), it shall have the right (A) to be heard with respect to any matter that arises in that action; and (B) to file a petition for appeal. Any action brought under subsection (a) may be brought in the district court of the United States that meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code. PROTECTION OF EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION. Nothing in the Act shall be construed to prohibit an individual from seeking any remedies available under existing State law or equity.SECTION 1. 2. The term agency contract means an oral or written agreement in which a student athlete authorizes a person to negotiate or solicit on behalf of the student athlete a professional sports contract or an endorsement contract. The term athlete agent means an individual who enters into an agency contract with a student athlete, or directly or indirectly recruits or solicits a student athlete to enter into an agency contract, and does not include a spouse, parent, sibling, grandparent, or guardian of such student athlete, any legal counsel for purposes other than that of representative agency, or an individual acting solely on behalf of a professional sports team or professional sports organization. (3) Athletic director. The term athletic director means an individual responsible for administering the athletic program of an educational institution or, in the case that such program is administered separately, the athletic program for male students or the athletic program for female students, as appropriate. The term endorsement contract means an agreement under which a student athlete is employed or receives consideration for the use by the other party of that individual's person, name, image, or likeness in the promotion of any product, service, or event. The term professional sports contract means an agreement under which an individual is employed, or agrees to render services, as a player on a professional sports team, with a professional sports organization, or as a professional athlete. (8) State. The term State includes a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or any territory or insular possession subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. SEC. 3. It is unlawful for an athlete agent to (1) directly or indirectly recruit or solicit a student athlete to enter into an agency contract, by (A) giving any false or misleading information or making a false promise or representation; or (B) providing anything of value to a student athlete or anyone associated with the student athlete before the student athlete enters into an agency contract including any consideration in the form of a loan, or acting in the capacity of a guarantor or co guarantor for any debt; (2) enter into an agency contract with a student athlete without providing the student athlete with the disclosure document described in subsection (b); or (3) predate or postdate an agency contract. (1) In general. The disclosure document must be signed by the student athlete, or, if the student athlete is under the age of 18 by such student athlete's parent or legal guardian, prior to entering into the agency contract. The disclosure document must contain, in close proximity to the signature of the student athlete, or, if the student athlete is under the age of 18, the signature of such student athlete's parent or legal guardian, a conspicuous notice in boldface type stating: Warning to Student Athlete: If you agree orally or in writing to be represented by an agent now or in the future you may lose your eligibility to compete as a student athlete in your sport. S. 57a(a)(1)(B)). ACTIONS BY STATES. Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to the filing of an action by an attorney general of a State under this subsection, if the attorney general determines that it is not feasible to provide the notice described in that subparagraph before filing of the action. If the Commission intervenes in an action under subsection (a), it shall have the right (A) to be heard with respect to any matter that arises in that action; and (B) to file a petition for appeal. Any action brought under subsection (a) may be brought in the district court of the United States that meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code. PROTECTION OF EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION. Nothing in the Act shall be construed to prohibit an individual from seeking any remedies available under existing State law or equity.