SECTION 1. 2. Subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to other credits) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. In addition to any deduction allowable under this title, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 50 percent of designated qualified college scholarship funding contributions made by the taxpayer during the taxable year. The term `designated qualified college scholarship funding contribution' means any charitable contribution (as defined in section 170(c)) (A) which is paid in cash by the taxpayer to a qualified scholarship funding trust, and (B) which is designated by the trust for purposes of this section. The term `qualified scholarship funding trust' means a trust (A) which is established and maintained in the United States by an organization (i) described in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), and (ii) organized primarily for educational purposes, (B) which is part of a plan of one or more local education agencies (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) of the State in which such trust is established and maintained to provide scholarships to children of such agencies, and (C) the written governing instrument of which (i) requires that the income of the trust be used exclusively to provide qualified scholarships (as defined in section 117(b)) to individuals who (I) are candidates for a degree at an institution of higher education (within the meaning given such term by section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. S. (c) Limitations. There is a national qualified college scholarship funding contribution limitation of $1,000,000,000. (2) Allocation of limitation. For purposes of subparagraph (A), the number of school age children of a trust's sponsoring agencies is the number of children of the local education agencies referred to in subsection (b)(2)(B) who have attained age 5 but not age 18 for the most recent fiscal year ending before the date the allocations under this paragraph are made. The amount of contributions made to a qualified scholarship funding trust which may be designated by such trust for purposes of this section shall not exceed the limitation amount allocated to such trust under paragraph (2). (4) Maximum allocation per trust. (c) Effective Date.SECTION 1. 2. Subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to other credits) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. In addition to any deduction allowable under this title, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 50 percent of designated qualified college scholarship funding contributions made by the taxpayer during the taxable year. The term `designated qualified college scholarship funding contribution' means any charitable contribution (as defined in section 170(c)) (A) which is paid in cash by the taxpayer to a qualified scholarship funding trust, and (B) which is designated by the trust for purposes of this section. The term `qualified scholarship funding trust' means a trust (A) which is established and maintained in the United States by an organization (i) described in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), and (ii) organized primarily for educational purposes, (B) which is part of a plan of one or more local education agencies (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) of the State in which such trust is established and maintained to provide scholarships to children of such agencies, and (C) the written governing instrument of which (i) requires that the income of the trust be used exclusively to provide qualified scholarships (as defined in section 117(b)) to individuals who (I) are candidates for a degree at an institution of higher education (within the meaning given such term by section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. S. (c) Limitations. There is a national qualified college scholarship funding contribution limitation of $1,000,000,000. (2) Allocation of limitation. For purposes of subparagraph (A), the number of school age children of a trust's sponsoring agencies is the number of children of the local education agencies referred to in subsection (b)(2)(B) who have attained age 5 but not age 18 for the most recent fiscal year ending before the date the allocations under this paragraph are made. The amount of contributions made to a qualified scholarship funding trust which may be designated by such trust for purposes of this section shall not exceed the limitation amount allocated to such trust under paragraph (2). (4) Maximum allocation per trust. (c) Effective Date.