This Act may be cited as the Strengthening Homeland Security, Intelligence, and Essential Law Enforcement Departments Act of 2011 or the SHIELD Act of 2011. Congress finds the following: (1) The United States Armed Forces represent the finest fighting force in the world. (2) An interruption in compensation could affect morale and cause hardship which would threaten United States security and the safety of our troops. (3) It is a vital national interest that the United States Armed Forces, including reserve components, can operate with the assurance that they will continue to receive pay and allowances for their service if a funding gap occurs. (4) Federal law enforcement officers are highly trained and dedicated men and women, committed to protecting liberty, public safety, and the security of our Nation from both foreign and domestic threats. (5) They have no equal in the private sector, and perform a role that is both unique and vital to the continuing operation of the Federal Government and commerce during times of crisis. (6) Each and every day, Federal law enforcement officers are engaged around the clock in activities that include, but are not limited to, dignitary protection, criminal investigation, homeland security, border security, intelligence gathering, and fighting waste, fraud and abuse. (7) These critical Government functions cannot be interrupted due to an absence of Congressional appropriations or during periods of a Government shutdown, nor can we expect that the threats posed by violent criminals, terrorists and America's enemies will lessen during such periods of fiscal uncertainty. PRIORITY PAYMENTS IF THE DEBT CEILING IS REACHED FOR DEFENSE AND FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT. SEC. The term period of lapsed appropriations means any period during which appropriations are not available due to the absence of the timely enactment of any Act or joint resolution (including any Act or joint resolution making continuing appropriations) appropriating funds for the payment of the pay and allowances. (3) Total public debt.This Act may be cited as the Strengthening Homeland Security, Intelligence, and Essential Law Enforcement Departments Act of 2011 or the SHIELD Act of 2011. Congress finds the following: (1) The United States Armed Forces represent the finest fighting force in the world. (2) An interruption in compensation could affect morale and cause hardship which would threaten United States security and the safety of our troops. (3) It is a vital national interest that the United States Armed Forces, including reserve components, can operate with the assurance that they will continue to receive pay and allowances for their service if a funding gap occurs. (4) Federal law enforcement officers are highly trained and dedicated men and women, committed to protecting liberty, public safety, and the security of our Nation from both foreign and domestic threats. (5) They have no equal in the private sector, and perform a role that is both unique and vital to the continuing operation of the Federal Government and commerce during times of crisis. (6) Each and every day, Federal law enforcement officers are engaged around the clock in activities that include, but are not limited to, dignitary protection, criminal investigation, homeland security, border security, intelligence gathering, and fighting waste, fraud and abuse. (7) These critical Government functions cannot be interrupted due to an absence of Congressional appropriations or during periods of a Government shutdown, nor can we expect that the threats posed by violent criminals, terrorists and America's enemies will lessen during such periods of fiscal uncertainty. PRIORITY PAYMENTS IF THE DEBT CEILING IS REACHED FOR DEFENSE AND FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT. SEC. The term period of lapsed appropriations means any period during which appropriations are not available due to the absence of the timely enactment of any Act or joint resolution (including any Act or joint resolution making continuing appropriations) appropriating funds for the payment of the pay and allowances. (3) Total public debt.