SECTION 1. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to furnish hospital care and medical services to eligible veterans through nonDepartment health care providers to treat injuries or illnesses which, in the judgment of a professional employed by the Department, resulted from a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment which occurred while the veteran was serving on active duty, active duty for training, or inactive duty training. (b) Duration. A veteran is eligible to participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) if the veteran (1) is eligible to receive counseling and appropriate care and services under section 1720D of title 38, United States Code; and (2) resides in a site selected under subsection (d). (d) Sites. Each site shall meet each of the following criteria: (A) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the site consists of a city with a population between 200,000 and 500,000, as determined by the Bureau of the Census as of the first day of the pilot program. (B) The site is in a State in which the National Violence Against Women Prevention Research Center or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or both, has determined the rate of sexual assault to be a substantial problem. Such election shall not affect the ability of the veteran to receive health care furnished by Department providers. An eligible veteran who participates in the pilot program under subsection (a) may freely choose from which nonDepartment health care provider the veteran receives hospital care or medical services under the pilot program, except that the Secretary shall (A) ensure that each such nonDepartment health care provider maintains at least the same or similar credentials and licenses as those credentials and licenses that are required of health care providers of the Department, as determined by the Secretary for the purposes of this section; and (B) make a reasonable effort to ensure that such nonDepartment health care provider is familiar with the conditions and concerns that affect members of the Armed Forces and veterans and is trained in evidence based psychotherapy. The Secretary shall (A) notify eligible veterans of the ability to make an election under paragraph (1); and (B) provide to such veterans educational referral materials, including through pamphlets and internet websites, on the nonDepartment providers in the sites selected under subsection (d). In accordance with subsection (e), the Secretary shall ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs authorizes and monitors the hospital care and medical services furnished under the pilot program for appropriateness and necessity. (g) Payments. Not later than 60 days before the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program. 1701) or any other health care provider that has entered into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with the Secretary pursuant to another provision of law to furnish hospital care or medical services to veterans. (3) The term State has the meaning given that term in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code.SECTION 1. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to furnish hospital care and medical services to eligible veterans through nonDepartment health care providers to treat injuries or illnesses which, in the judgment of a professional employed by the Department, resulted from a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment which occurred while the veteran was serving on active duty, active duty for training, or inactive duty training. (b) Duration. A veteran is eligible to participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) if the veteran (1) is eligible to receive counseling and appropriate care and services under section 1720D of title 38, United States Code; and (2) resides in a site selected under subsection (d). (d) Sites. Each site shall meet each of the following criteria: (A) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the site consists of a city with a population between 200,000 and 500,000, as determined by the Bureau of the Census as of the first day of the pilot program. (B) The site is in a State in which the National Violence Against Women Prevention Research Center or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or both, has determined the rate of sexual assault to be a substantial problem. Such election shall not affect the ability of the veteran to receive health care furnished by Department providers. An eligible veteran who participates in the pilot program under subsection (a) may freely choose from which nonDepartment health care provider the veteran receives hospital care or medical services under the pilot program, except that the Secretary shall (A) ensure that each such nonDepartment health care provider maintains at least the same or similar credentials and licenses as those credentials and licenses that are required of health care providers of the Department, as determined by the Secretary for the purposes of this section; and (B) make a reasonable effort to ensure that such nonDepartment health care provider is familiar with the conditions and concerns that affect members of the Armed Forces and veterans and is trained in evidence based psychotherapy. The Secretary shall (A) notify eligible veterans of the ability to make an election under paragraph (1); and (B) provide to such veterans educational referral materials, including through pamphlets and internet websites, on the nonDepartment providers in the sites selected under subsection (d). In accordance with subsection (e), the Secretary shall ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs authorizes and monitors the hospital care and medical services furnished under the pilot program for appropriateness and necessity. (g) Payments. Not later than 60 days before the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program. 1701) or any other health care provider that has entered into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with the Secretary pursuant to another provision of law to furnish hospital care or medical services to veterans. (3) The term State has the meaning given that term in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code.