SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds the following: (1) Since the passage of SAFETEALU, Congress has transferred over $50 billion from the General Fund to the Highway Trust Fund, in order to maintain solvency. (3) The Congressional Budget Office also estimates that in order to provide funding for surface transportation projects where the Federal benefit outweighs the cost, an additional $83 billion a year would need to be allocated to the Highway and Transit Trust Funds. (5) The National Commission on Fiscal Reform and Responsibility report, often referred to as the Simpson Bowles plan, includes a recommendation to raise the gas tax by fifteen cents. The Commission also noted that a Federal funding system based on a vehicle miles traveled system, is the consensus choice for the future. It is the sense of Congress that by 2024 the gas tax should be repealed and replaced with a more sustainable, stable funding source. Section 4081(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: (i) in the case of gasoline other than aviation gasoline (I) for tax imposed before 2014, 18. 3 cents per gallon, and (IV) for tax imposed after 2015 and before 2025, 33. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest 0. (d) DieselWater Fuel Emulsion. 7 cents for 24. 3 cents and inserting a rate equal to 71 percent of the rate in effect under subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph). The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be paid in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be paid on or before the date which is 6 months after the floor stocks tax date. The term Secretary means the Secretary of the Treasury. The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable liquid held by any person exclusively for any use to the extent a credit or refund of the tax imposed by a section of such Code is allowable for such use. No tax shall be imposed by subsection (A) on any liquid held on the floor stocks tax date by any person if the aggregate amount of liquid held by such person on such date does not exceed 2,000 gallons. (3) Controlled groups.SECTION 1. 2. The Congress finds the following: (1) Since the passage of SAFETEALU, Congress has transferred over $50 billion from the General Fund to the Highway Trust Fund, in order to maintain solvency. (3) The Congressional Budget Office also estimates that in order to provide funding for surface transportation projects where the Federal benefit outweighs the cost, an additional $83 billion a year would need to be allocated to the Highway and Transit Trust Funds. (5) The National Commission on Fiscal Reform and Responsibility report, often referred to as the Simpson Bowles plan, includes a recommendation to raise the gas tax by fifteen cents. The Commission also noted that a Federal funding system based on a vehicle miles traveled system, is the consensus choice for the future. It is the sense of Congress that by 2024 the gas tax should be repealed and replaced with a more sustainable, stable funding source. Section 4081(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: (i) in the case of gasoline other than aviation gasoline (I) for tax imposed before 2014, 18. 3 cents per gallon, and (IV) for tax imposed after 2015 and before 2025, 33. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest 0. (d) DieselWater Fuel Emulsion. 7 cents for 24. 3 cents and inserting a rate equal to 71 percent of the rate in effect under subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph). The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be paid in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be paid on or before the date which is 6 months after the floor stocks tax date. The term Secretary means the Secretary of the Treasury. The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable liquid held by any person exclusively for any use to the extent a credit or refund of the tax imposed by a section of such Code is allowable for such use. No tax shall be imposed by subsection (A) on any liquid held on the floor stocks tax date by any person if the aggregate amount of liquid held by such person on such date does not exceed 2,000 gallons. (3) Controlled groups.