SECTION 1. (2) In 1998 there were 903 deaths from cigarette ignited fires, 2,453 civilian injuries from such fires, and $411,700,000 in property damage caused by such fires. (4) The results accomplished under the Cigarette Safety Act of 1984 and the Fire Safe Cigarette Act of 1990 complete the necessary technical work for a cigarette fire safety standard. (5) It is appropriate for Congress to require by law the establishment of a cigarette fire safety standard for the manufacture and importation of cigarettes. Except as provided in paragraph (3), in establishing standards under paragraph (1), the Commission shall use the testing methodology for determining the ignition propensity of cigarettes referred to in Relative Ignition Propensity of Test Market CigarettesNational Institute of Standards and TechnologyNIST Technical Note 1436, January, 2001Appendix D: Cigarette Extinction Method, together with any requirements specified in this paragraph. A test failure shall consist of more than 25 percent of the cigarettes tested in a test trial failing to selfextinguish before burning the full length of the tobacco column. In addition to establishing standards under paragraph (1), the Commission may also regulate the ignition propensity of cigarette paper for rollyourown tobacco products. The Commission shall include in the rule prescribed under subsection (a) a prohibition on the stockpiling of cigarettes to which the fire safety standards in the rule will apply. If the sponsor of the testing methodology under subsection (a)(2) modifies the testing methodology in any material respect, the sponsor shall notify the Commission of the modification, and the Commission may incorporate the modification in the rule prescribed under subsection (a) if the Commission determines that the modification will enhance a fire safety standard established under subsection (a)(2). The Commission may modify the rule prescribed under subsection (a), including the test requirements specified in subsection (a)(2), in whole or in part, if the Commission determines that compliance with such modification is technically feasible and will enhance a fire safety standard established under that subsection. (3) Inapplicability of certain laws. (C) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U. The Commission shall specify in the rule prescribed under subsection (a) the effective date of the rule. A cigarette shall be treated as a consumer product under section 3(a)(1)(B) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U. 2066, 2067). DEFINITIONS. In this Act: (1) Commission. There is hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Consumer Product Safety Commission for fiscal year 2002, $2,000,000 for purposes of carrying out this Act.SECTION 1. (2) In 1998 there were 903 deaths from cigarette ignited fires, 2,453 civilian injuries from such fires, and $411,700,000 in property damage caused by such fires. (4) The results accomplished under the Cigarette Safety Act of 1984 and the Fire Safe Cigarette Act of 1990 complete the necessary technical work for a cigarette fire safety standard. (5) It is appropriate for Congress to require by law the establishment of a cigarette fire safety standard for the manufacture and importation of cigarettes. Except as provided in paragraph (3), in establishing standards under paragraph (1), the Commission shall use the testing methodology for determining the ignition propensity of cigarettes referred to in Relative Ignition Propensity of Test Market CigarettesNational Institute of Standards and TechnologyNIST Technical Note 1436, January, 2001Appendix D: Cigarette Extinction Method, together with any requirements specified in this paragraph. A test failure shall consist of more than 25 percent of the cigarettes tested in a test trial failing to selfextinguish before burning the full length of the tobacco column. In addition to establishing standards under paragraph (1), the Commission may also regulate the ignition propensity of cigarette paper for rollyourown tobacco products. The Commission shall include in the rule prescribed under subsection (a) a prohibition on the stockpiling of cigarettes to which the fire safety standards in the rule will apply. If the sponsor of the testing methodology under subsection (a)(2) modifies the testing methodology in any material respect, the sponsor shall notify the Commission of the modification, and the Commission may incorporate the modification in the rule prescribed under subsection (a) if the Commission determines that the modification will enhance a fire safety standard established under subsection (a)(2). The Commission may modify the rule prescribed under subsection (a), including the test requirements specified in subsection (a)(2), in whole or in part, if the Commission determines that compliance with such modification is technically feasible and will enhance a fire safety standard established under that subsection. (3) Inapplicability of certain laws. (C) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U. The Commission shall specify in the rule prescribed under subsection (a) the effective date of the rule. A cigarette shall be treated as a consumer product under section 3(a)(1)(B) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U. 2066, 2067). DEFINITIONS. In this Act: (1) Commission. There is hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Consumer Product Safety Commission for fiscal year 2002, $2,000,000 for purposes of carrying out this Act.