INDEXING OF CERTAIN ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF DETERMINING GAIN OR LOSS. Part II of subchapter O of chapter 1 (relating to basis rules of general application) is amended by redesignating section 1023 as section 1024 and by inserting after section 1022 the following new section: SEC. (1) Indexed basis substituted for adjusted basis. Solely for purposes of determining gain or loss on the sale or other disposition by a taxpayer (other than a corporation) of an indexed asset which has been held for more than 3 years, the indexed basis of the asset shall be substituted for its adjusted basis. (b) Indexed Asset. (1) In general. For purposes of this section, the term `indexed asset' means (A) common stock in a C corporation (other than a foreign corporation), and (B) tangible property, which is a capital asset or property used in the trade or business (as defined in section 1231(b)). Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to (i) stock of a foreign investment company, (ii) stock in a passive foreign investment company (as defined in section 1296), (iii) stock in a foreign corporation held by a United States person who meets the requirements of section 1248(a)(2), and (iv) stock in a foreign personal holding company. The applicable inflation adjustment for any asset is an amount equal to (A) the adjusted basis of the asset, multiplied by (B) the percentage (if any) by which (i) the gross domestic product deflator for the last calendar quarter ending before the asset is disposed of, exceeds (ii) the gross domestic product deflator for the last calendar quarter ending before the asset was acquired by the taxpayer. (e) Treatment of Regulated Investment Companies and Real Estate Investment Trusts. (D) Exception for certain taxes imposed at entity level. (i) Tax on failure to distribute entire gain. This section shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of any tax imposed by paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 857(b). (C) Ratio of 80 percent or more. (1) Partnerships. (B) Special rule in the case of section 754 elections. This section shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of any tax imposed by section 1374 or 1375. If any person transfers cash, debt, or any other property to another person and the principal purpose of such transfer is to secure or increase an adjustment under subsection (a), the Secretary may disallow part or all of such adjustment or increase. If there is an addition to the adjusted basis of any tangible property or of any stock in a corporation during the taxable year by reason of an improvement to such property or a contribution to capital of such corporation (A) such addition shall never be taken into account under subsection (c)(1)(A) if the aggregate amount thereof during the taxable year with respect to such property or stock is less than $1,000, and (B) such addition shall be treated as a separate asset acquired at the close of such taxable year if the aggregate amount thereof during the taxable year with respect to such property or stock is $1,000 or more. (2) Assets which are not indexed assets throughout holding period. To the extent that (but for this paragraph) this section would create or increase a net ordinary loss to which section 1231(a)(2) applies or an ordinary loss to which any other provision of this title applies, such provision shall not apply. The taxpayer shall be treated as having a longterm capital loss in an amount equal to the amount of the ordinary loss to which the preceding sentence applies. If there has been a prior application of subsection (a)(1) to an asset while such asset was held by the taxpayer, the date of acquisition of such asset by the taxpayer shall be treated as not earlier than the date of the most recent such prior application. The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section. Sec. The amendments made by this section shall apply to dispositions after December 31, 2006, in taxable years ending after such date.INDEXING OF CERTAIN ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF DETERMINING GAIN OR LOSS. Part II of subchapter O of chapter 1 (relating to basis rules of general application) is amended by redesignating section 1023 as section 1024 and by inserting after section 1022 the following new section: SEC. (1) Indexed basis substituted for adjusted basis. Solely for purposes of determining gain or loss on the sale or other disposition by a taxpayer (other than a corporation) of an indexed asset which has been held for more than 3 years, the indexed basis of the asset shall be substituted for its adjusted basis. (b) Indexed Asset. (1) In general. For purposes of this section, the term `indexed asset' means (A) common stock in a C corporation (other than a foreign corporation), and (B) tangible property, which is a capital asset or property used in the trade or business (as defined in section 1231(b)). Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to (i) stock of a foreign investment company, (ii) stock in a passive foreign investment company (as defined in section 1296), (iii) stock in a foreign corporation held by a United States person who meets the requirements of section 1248(a)(2), and (iv) stock in a foreign personal holding company. The applicable inflation adjustment for any asset is an amount equal to (A) the adjusted basis of the asset, multiplied by (B) the percentage (if any) by which (i) the gross domestic product deflator for the last calendar quarter ending before the asset is disposed of, exceeds (ii) the gross domestic product deflator for the last calendar quarter ending before the asset was acquired by the taxpayer. (e) Treatment of Regulated Investment Companies and Real Estate Investment Trusts. (D) Exception for certain taxes imposed at entity level. (i) Tax on failure to distribute entire gain. This section shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of any tax imposed by paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 857(b). (C) Ratio of 80 percent or more. (1) Partnerships. (B) Special rule in the case of section 754 elections. This section shall not apply for purposes of determining the amount of any tax imposed by section 1374 or 1375. If any person transfers cash, debt, or any other property to another person and the principal purpose of such transfer is to secure or increase an adjustment under subsection (a), the Secretary may disallow part or all of such adjustment or increase. If there is an addition to the adjusted basis of any tangible property or of any stock in a corporation during the taxable year by reason of an improvement to such property or a contribution to capital of such corporation (A) such addition shall never be taken into account under subsection (c)(1)(A) if the aggregate amount thereof during the taxable year with respect to such property or stock is less than $1,000, and (B) such addition shall be treated as a separate asset acquired at the close of such taxable year if the aggregate amount thereof during the taxable year with respect to such property or stock is $1,000 or more. (2) Assets which are not indexed assets throughout holding period. To the extent that (but for this paragraph) this section would create or increase a net ordinary loss to which section 1231(a)(2) applies or an ordinary loss to which any other provision of this title applies, such provision shall not apply. The taxpayer shall be treated as having a longterm capital loss in an amount equal to the amount of the ordinary loss to which the preceding sentence applies. If there has been a prior application of subsection (a)(1) to an asset while such asset was held by the taxpayer, the date of acquisition of such asset by the taxpayer shall be treated as not earlier than the date of the most recent such prior application. The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section. Sec. The amendments made by this section shall apply to dispositions after December 31, 2006, in taxable years ending after such date.