SECTION 1. SEC. 2. ASSISTANCE FOR HIRING AND RETENTION OF NURSES AT STATE VETERANS HOMES. Payments to a State for a fiscal year under this section shall, subject to submission of an application, be made to any State that during that year (1) receives per diem payments under this subchapter for that fiscal year; and (2) has in effect an employee incentive scholarship program or other employee incentive program at a State home designed to promote the hiring and retention of nursing staff and to reduce nursing shortages at that home. A State may use an amount received under this section only to provide funds for a program described in subsection (b)(2). In prescribing such criteria, the Secretary shall take into consideration the need for flexibility and innovation. (2) The amount of the payment to a State under this section for any fiscal year is, for each State home in that State with a program described in subsection (b)(2), the amount equal to 2 percent of the amount of payments estimated to be made to that State, for that State home, under section 1741 of this title for that fiscal year. Payments under this section to a State home shall be made as part of the disbursement of payments under section 1741 of this title with respect to that State home. Eligibility for a payment under this section for any later fiscal year is contingent upon the receipt by the Secretary of the annual report under this subsection for the previous year in accordance with this subsection. Hiring and retention of nurses: payments to assist States. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall implement section 1744 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), as expeditiously as possible.SECTION 1. SEC. 2. ASSISTANCE FOR HIRING AND RETENTION OF NURSES AT STATE VETERANS HOMES. Payments to a State for a fiscal year under this section shall, subject to submission of an application, be made to any State that during that year (1) receives per diem payments under this subchapter for that fiscal year; and (2) has in effect an employee incentive scholarship program or other employee incentive program at a State home designed to promote the hiring and retention of nursing staff and to reduce nursing shortages at that home. A State may use an amount received under this section only to provide funds for a program described in subsection (b)(2). In prescribing such criteria, the Secretary shall take into consideration the need for flexibility and innovation. (2) The amount of the payment to a State under this section for any fiscal year is, for each State home in that State with a program described in subsection (b)(2), the amount equal to 2 percent of the amount of payments estimated to be made to that State, for that State home, under section 1741 of this title for that fiscal year. Payments under this section to a State home shall be made as part of the disbursement of payments under section 1741 of this title with respect to that State home. Eligibility for a payment under this section for any later fiscal year is contingent upon the receipt by the Secretary of the annual report under this subsection for the previous year in accordance with this subsection. Hiring and retention of nurses: payments to assist States. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall implement section 1744 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), as expeditiously as possible.