SECTION 1. (a) In General. In the case of a defined contribution plan (1) section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply during the suspension period, (2) in lieu of the calendar year specified in subparagraph (C)(i) of section 401(a)(9) of such Code, the calendar year specified in such subparagraph shall be the later of (A) the calendar year described in such subparagraph (C)(i), or (B) calendar year 2010, and (3) the suspension period shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying any time limitation in such section 401(a)(9). (d) Application to Certain Periodic Payments. This section shall not apply to any amendment unless (i) during the period (I) beginning on the first day of the suspension period, and (II) ending on the date described in subparagraph (A)(ii) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or contract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect, and (ii) such plan or contract amendment applies retroactively for such period. (B) Treatment of repayments of distributions from eligible retirement plans other than iras. For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) to an individual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of such Code), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, such payments or distributions shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the individual retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution.SECTION 1. (a) In General. In the case of a defined contribution plan (1) section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply during the suspension period, (2) in lieu of the calendar year specified in subparagraph (C)(i) of section 401(a)(9) of such Code, the calendar year specified in such subparagraph shall be the later of (A) the calendar year described in such subparagraph (C)(i), or (B) calendar year 2010, and (3) the suspension period shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying any time limitation in such section 401(a)(9). (d) Application to Certain Periodic Payments. This section shall not apply to any amendment unless (i) during the period (I) beginning on the first day of the suspension period, and (II) ending on the date described in subparagraph (A)(ii) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or contract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect, and (ii) such plan or contract amendment applies retroactively for such period. (B) Treatment of repayments of distributions from eligible retirement plans other than iras. For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) to an individual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of such Code), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, such payments or distributions shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the individual retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution.