This Act may be cited as the Healthy Maternity and Obstetric Medicine Act or the Healthy MOM Act. Congress finds the following: (1) Pregnancy is a significant life event for millions of women in the United States each year. (2) For more than 30 years, our Nation, through the Medicaid program, has recognized that pregnant women need immediate access to affordable care, and has allowed women who meet incomeeligibility requirements to enroll in Medicaid coverage when they become pregnant. (3) Congress recognized the central importance of maternity coverage by classifying maternity and newborn care as one of the ten essential health benefits that must now be covered on most individual and small group health insurance plans under section 1302(b)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U. (4) Access to comprehensive maternity coverage allows women to access important pregnancyrelated care, which is demonstrated to improve health outcomes for women and newborns and reduce financial costs for both consumers and insurers. (5) Uninsured women, women with grandfathered and transitional health plans, selffunded student health plans, and catastrophic and highdeductible health plans may lack access to comprehensive and affordable maternity coverage. Pregnancyrelated maternal mortality is three to four times higher among women who receive no maternity care compared to women who do. Regular maternity care can detect or mitigate serious pregnancyrelated health complications, including preeclampsia, placental abruption, complications from diabetes, complications from heart disease, and Graves' disease, all of which can result in morbidity or mortality for the mother or newborn. (8) Regular maternity care can reduce preterm births and the health complications associated with preterm births. If a woman does not have access to affordable maternity care during her pregnancy, and she or her newborn experiences pregnancy complications that result in health problems after birth, their insurer may end up paying much higher costs than if the insurer had covered the woman's maternity care during her pregnancy. For women with highrisk pregnancies, intensive maternity care saves $1. 300gg1(b)(2)) is amended by inserting including a special enrollment period for pregnant women, beginning on the date on which the pregnancy is reported to the health insurance issuer before the period at the end. (B) The Secretary shall promulgate regulations with respect to the special enrollment period under subparagraph (A), including establishing a time period for pregnant women to enroll in coverage and effective date of such coverage. FEDERAL EMPLOYEE HEALTH BENEFIT PLANS.This Act may be cited as the Healthy Maternity and Obstetric Medicine Act or the Healthy MOM Act. Congress finds the following: (1) Pregnancy is a significant life event for millions of women in the United States each year. (2) For more than 30 years, our Nation, through the Medicaid program, has recognized that pregnant women need immediate access to affordable care, and has allowed women who meet incomeeligibility requirements to enroll in Medicaid coverage when they become pregnant. (3) Congress recognized the central importance of maternity coverage by classifying maternity and newborn care as one of the ten essential health benefits that must now be covered on most individual and small group health insurance plans under section 1302(b)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U. (4) Access to comprehensive maternity coverage allows women to access important pregnancyrelated care, which is demonstrated to improve health outcomes for women and newborns and reduce financial costs for both consumers and insurers. (5) Uninsured women, women with grandfathered and transitional health plans, selffunded student health plans, and catastrophic and highdeductible health plans may lack access to comprehensive and affordable maternity coverage. Pregnancyrelated maternal mortality is three to four times higher among women who receive no maternity care compared to women who do. Regular maternity care can detect or mitigate serious pregnancyrelated health complications, including preeclampsia, placental abruption, complications from diabetes, complications from heart disease, and Graves' disease, all of which can result in morbidity or mortality for the mother or newborn. (8) Regular maternity care can reduce preterm births and the health complications associated with preterm births. If a woman does not have access to affordable maternity care during her pregnancy, and she or her newborn experiences pregnancy complications that result in health problems after birth, their insurer may end up paying much higher costs than if the insurer had covered the woman's maternity care during her pregnancy. For women with highrisk pregnancies, intensive maternity care saves $1. 300gg1(b)(2)) is amended by inserting including a special enrollment period for pregnant women, beginning on the date on which the pregnancy is reported to the health insurance issuer before the period at the end. (B) The Secretary shall promulgate regulations with respect to the special enrollment period under subparagraph (A), including establishing a time period for pregnant women to enroll in coverage and effective date of such coverage. FEDERAL EMPLOYEE HEALTH BENEFIT PLANS.