SECTION 1. 2. Beginning in fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U. LEASE TERMS OF CERTAIN CHUKCHI AND BEAUFORT LEASES. Section 8(b)(2) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U. A covered lease referred to in paragraph (1) is a lease for oil and gas production in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that was issued under section 8 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U. 1337) for a portion of the Beaufort Planning Area or Chukchi Planning Area that is beyond 3 nautical miles of the seaward boundary of the State. 1338) is amended (1) by striking All rentals, and inserting the following: (a) In General. (B) Institution of higher education. The term `qualified revenues' means all revenues derived from all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States from energy development in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region. (E) Workforce investment board. For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2026, the Secretary shall deposit (A) 50 percent of qualified revenues in the general fund of the Treasury; (B) 27. 5 percent of qualified revenues in a special account in the Treasury to provide financial assistance for (i) offshore leasing and development programs in the State; and (ii) the development of rightsofway for pipelines to transport oil or gas produced offshore through land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary in the State. Of the amount paid by the Secretary to coastal political subdivisions under paragraph (2)(D) or (3)(D) (A) 90 percent shall be allocated in amounts (based on a formula established by the Secretary by regulation) that are inversely proportional to the respective distances between the point in each coastal political subdivision that is closest to the geographic center of the applicable leased tract and the geographic center of the leased tract; and (B) 10 percent shall be divided equally among each coastal political subdivision that (i) is more than 200 nautical miles from the geographic center of a leased tract; and (ii) the State of Alaska determines to be a significant staging area for oil and gas servicing, supply vessels, operations, suppliers, or workers. The amounts required to be deposited under paragraphs (2) and (3) for the applicable fiscal year shall be made available in accordance with those paragraphs during the fiscal year immediately following the applicable fiscal year. Amounts made available under paragraphs (2) and (3) shall (A) be made available, without further appropriation, in accordance with this subsection; (B) remain available until expended; and (C) be in addition to any amounts appropriated under any other provision of law. The Secretary shall include in any leasing program prepared in accordance with this section provisions for the conduct of at least 3 lease sales in each of the Beaufort Planning Area and the Chukchi Planning Area during the term of the leasing program.SECTION 1. 2. Beginning in fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U. LEASE TERMS OF CERTAIN CHUKCHI AND BEAUFORT LEASES. Section 8(b)(2) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U. A covered lease referred to in paragraph (1) is a lease for oil and gas production in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that was issued under section 8 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U. 1337) for a portion of the Beaufort Planning Area or Chukchi Planning Area that is beyond 3 nautical miles of the seaward boundary of the State. 1338) is amended (1) by striking All rentals, and inserting the following: (a) In General. (B) Institution of higher education. The term `qualified revenues' means all revenues derived from all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States from energy development in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region. (E) Workforce investment board. For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2026, the Secretary shall deposit (A) 50 percent of qualified revenues in the general fund of the Treasury; (B) 27. 5 percent of qualified revenues in a special account in the Treasury to provide financial assistance for (i) offshore leasing and development programs in the State; and (ii) the development of rightsofway for pipelines to transport oil or gas produced offshore through land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary in the State. Of the amount paid by the Secretary to coastal political subdivisions under paragraph (2)(D) or (3)(D) (A) 90 percent shall be allocated in amounts (based on a formula established by the Secretary by regulation) that are inversely proportional to the respective distances between the point in each coastal political subdivision that is closest to the geographic center of the applicable leased tract and the geographic center of the leased tract; and (B) 10 percent shall be divided equally among each coastal political subdivision that (i) is more than 200 nautical miles from the geographic center of a leased tract; and (ii) the State of Alaska determines to be a significant staging area for oil and gas servicing, supply vessels, operations, suppliers, or workers. The amounts required to be deposited under paragraphs (2) and (3) for the applicable fiscal year shall be made available in accordance with those paragraphs during the fiscal year immediately following the applicable fiscal year. Amounts made available under paragraphs (2) and (3) shall (A) be made available, without further appropriation, in accordance with this subsection; (B) remain available until expended; and (C) be in addition to any amounts appropriated under any other provision of law. The Secretary shall include in any leasing program prepared in accordance with this section provisions for the conduct of at least 3 lease sales in each of the Beaufort Planning Area and the Chukchi Planning Area during the term of the leasing program.