The Secretary of the Interior shall make available to the public through the Internet (1) information that describes for all covered operations (A) the aggregate amount of each fossil fuel, by type and by State, produced under Federal leases; and (B) for gas reported, the portion and source of such amount that was released by each of venting, flaring, and fugitive release; (2) information that accurately describes the estimated amounts of existing fossil fuel resources on Federal lands under lease for the production of fossil fuels, and of Federal lands that have potential for such leasing; and (3) information that describes the amount and sources of energy, in megawatts, produced from operating solar, wind, and geothermal projects on Federal lands under lease for the production of renewable energy. (b) Format. Information made available under this section shall be presented in a format that (1) translates such amounts and portions into emissions of metric tons of greenhouse gases expressed in carbon dioxide equivalent using both the 20year and 100year Global Warming Potentialweighted emission values; (2) for energy produced from solar, wind, and geothermal projects, includes an estimate of the greenhouse gas emissions that would result from production of the same amount of energy from fossil fuel resources; and (3) allows (A) downloading in a machine readable format; and (B) accessing the information without payment of any fee or other charge. Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, if the Secretary of the Interior determines that revisions or promulgation of rules are needed to implement section 2 with regard to methane emissions, the Secretary shall initiate a process under the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 (30 U. C. The rules shall include requirements for reporting by holders of leases, to the maximum extent possible, the amount and source of all vented, flared, and fugitive releases of gas resulting from the production of fossil fuels from Federal lands. SEC. 1761 et seq. ), regardless of size, including production, storage, gathering, processing, transportation, and handling operations. The term fossil fuel means all natural fuels, including oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and coal. The term resources means oil, gas, and coal resources, both identified and inferred, that are both technically recoverable and economically recoverable using the range of past, and predicted future, commodity prices.The Secretary of the Interior shall make available to the public through the Internet (1) information that describes for all covered operations (A) the aggregate amount of each fossil fuel, by type and by State, produced under Federal leases; and (B) for gas reported, the portion and source of such amount that was released by each of venting, flaring, and fugitive release; (2) information that accurately describes the estimated amounts of existing fossil fuel resources on Federal lands under lease for the production of fossil fuels, and of Federal lands that have potential for such leasing; and (3) information that describes the amount and sources of energy, in megawatts, produced from operating solar, wind, and geothermal projects on Federal lands under lease for the production of renewable energy. (b) Format. Information made available under this section shall be presented in a format that (1) translates such amounts and portions into emissions of metric tons of greenhouse gases expressed in carbon dioxide equivalent using both the 20year and 100year Global Warming Potentialweighted emission values; (2) for energy produced from solar, wind, and geothermal projects, includes an estimate of the greenhouse gas emissions that would result from production of the same amount of energy from fossil fuel resources; and (3) allows (A) downloading in a machine readable format; and (B) accessing the information without payment of any fee or other charge. Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, if the Secretary of the Interior determines that revisions or promulgation of rules are needed to implement section 2 with regard to methane emissions, the Secretary shall initiate a process under the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 (30 U. C. The rules shall include requirements for reporting by holders of leases, to the maximum extent possible, the amount and source of all vented, flared, and fugitive releases of gas resulting from the production of fossil fuels from Federal lands. SEC. 1761 et seq. ), regardless of size, including production, storage, gathering, processing, transportation, and handling operations. The term fossil fuel means all natural fuels, including oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and coal. The term resources means oil, gas, and coal resources, both identified and inferred, that are both technically recoverable and economically recoverable using the range of past, and predicted future, commodity prices.