PILOT PROGRAM TO PROTECT NATIVE ANADROMOUS FISH IN THE STANISLAUS RIVER, CALIFORNIA. The Secretary of Commerce and the districts, in consultation with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall jointly develop and conduct a nonnative predator fish removal pilot program to remove nonnative striped bass, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, black bass, and other nonnative predator fishes from the Stanislaus River, California. The pilot program shall (1) be scientifically based; (2) include methods to quantify the number and size of predator fishes removed each year, the impact of such removal on the overall abundance of predator fishes, and the impact of such removal on the populations of juvenile anadromous fish found in the Stanislaus River by, among other things, evaluating the number of juvenile anadromous fish that migrate past the rotary screw trap located at Caswell; (3) among other methods, use wire fyke trapping, portable resistance board weirs, and boat electrofishing; (4) be developed, including the application for all necessary scientific research and species enhancement permits under section 10(a)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U. 1539(a)(1)) for the performance of the pilot program, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act; (5) be implemented as quickly as possible following the issuance of all necessary scientific research and species enhancement permits needed to begin the pilot program; and (6) be implemented for a period of 7 consecutive calendar years. The management of the pilot program shall be the joint responsibility of the Secretary and the districts. By agreement between the Secretary and the districts, the pilot program may be conducted by their own personnel, qualified private contractors hired by the districts, personnel of, on loan to, or otherwise assigned to the National Marine Fisheries Service, or a combination thereof. If the districts elect to conduct the program using their own personnel or qualified private contractors hired by them in accordance with paragraph (1), the Secretary may assign an employee of, on loan to, or otherwise assigned to the National Marine Fisheries Service, to be present for all activities performed in the field. Such presence shall ensure compliance with the agreedupon elements specified in subsection (b). (3) Timing of election. The districts shall notify the Secretary of their election on or before October 15 of each calendar year of the pilot program. Such an election shall apply to the work performed in the subsequent calendar year. (3) Estimation of cost. (2) Report. On or before June 30 of the year following the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary and the districts shall jointly submit for peer review a report that (A) discusses the findings and conclusions of the pilot program; (B) synthesizes the data collected under paragraph (1); and (C) makes recommendations for further study and action. Not later than 180 days after the filing by the Secretary and the districts of an application for scientific research and species enhancement permits under section 10(a)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U. If the Secretaries have not carried out subsection (f)(1) within 365 days after the filing by the Secretary of Commerce and the districts of an application referred to in that subsection, section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U. The term districts means the Oakdale Irrigation District and the South San Joaquin Irrigation District, California. Any restriction imposed under California law on the catch, take, or harvest of any nonnative or introduced aquatic or terrestrial species that preys upon anadromous fish and that occupies or is found in the Stanislaus River, or the permitting thereof, is hereby void and is preempted.