SECTION 1. C. 203(e)), who is not covered under subparagraph (E), including such an employee of the Library of Congress, except that a reference in such section to an employer shall be considered to be a reference to an employer who employs not less than 15 employees at any time during a calendar year and is described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii) of paragraph (3)(A); or (ii) an employee of the Government Accountability Office; (B) a State employee described in section 304(a) of the Government Employee Rights Act of 1991 (42 U. S. (A) In general. (B) Covered employer. S. For purposes of clause (i)(III), a public agency shall be considered to be a person engaged in commerce or in an industry or activity affecting commerce. 203(e)). (C) Predecessors. For purposes of this paragraph and section 3, any sick leave, family leave, or leave otherwise required by law (other than this Act) shall not be treated as or counted towards leave to which an eligible employee is entitled under section 3. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Labor. If the employer requires an eligible employee to contribute to the cost of the benefits described in subparagraph (A), the employer may require that such eligible employee contribute to such cost during the use of paid vacation time at the same rate as the rate at which such eligible employee would otherwise be required to contribute if not using paid vacation time. Any employer with a paid leave policy who provides an amount of paid leave that is sufficient to meet the requirements of this section and that may be used under the same conditions as the conditions described in this section shall not be required to provide an eligible employee with additional paid vacation time under this section. (f) Enforcement. With respect to an eligible employee and an employer and notwithstanding section 13 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U. An employer's liability for a violation under this Act shall be, as the case may be (i) the amount of unpaid vacation time owed to such employee under this section, and an additional equal amount as liquidated damages; or (ii) compensation in accordance with subsection (d) for any uncompensated unpaid vacation time used by the eligible employee, and an additional equal amount as liquidated damages. 1301 et seq. 1312(a)(1)) shall be the powers, remedies, and procedures this Act provides to that Board, or any person, alleging an unlawful employment practice in violation of this Act against an eligible employee who is an employee described in section 2(2)(C). (4) Employees covered by chapter 63 of title 5, united states code. The Secretary is authorized to conduct a public awareness campaign, through the Internet and other media, to inform the public of an eligible employee's entitlement to paid vacation time under this Act. (b) Authorization of Appropriations.