SECTION 1. 2. (2) Citizenship actively exercised will better assure that individuals both assert their rights and fulfill their responsibilities of membership within our political community, thereby benefiting all citizens and residents of the United States. SEC. The Agency shall have as its mission the following: (1) To carry out the functions relating to naturalization arising under chapter 2 of this title. The position of Associate Commissioner for Citizenship shall be a position in the Senior Executive Service. The Agency is authorized to exercise all necessary and appropriate powers and duties to carry out its mission, including the authority (1) to enter into cooperative agreements with Federal, State, and local governmental entities; (2) to enter into contracts, subject to the availability of appropriations; and (3) to make grants to private and nonprofit entities. (f) Termination of Existing Offices and Positions. (2) Upon such date, the Commissioner shall abolish or consolidate, as the case may be, any office or position existing before such date within the Service that performed functions transferred under paragraph (1), if such office or position is not otherwise created by statute. There is established the National Advisory Board on Citizenship to advise the Associate Commissioner for Citizenship, the Attorney General, the President, and Congress regarding the carrying out of the Agency's objectives. (B) Two members drawn from among individuals having been recently naturalized, including at least one who is engaged in nonprofessional employment. (C) Two members drawn from among individuals having extensive recent experience in counseling and advising resident aliens to become naturalized citizens. (2) The Assistant Secretary of Education for Vocational and Adult Education, or his or her designee, shall serve on the Board in a nonvoting capacity. (4) At the first meeting of the Board each year, the members of the Board shall elect a chair and vice chair, who shall serve for a term of one year. (c) Responsibilities. (1) The Board shall have the general responsibility to prepare independent biannual reports relating to the administration of policies of the Agency. Such reports may include minority reports, if timely submitted. (e) Compensation. FEES. (B) Except as provided in paragraph (2), all fees paid to the Attorney General pursuant to section 344(a) after such date. (2) Fees paid after such date pursuant to section 344(a) by applicants residing in the United States Virgin Islands, and in Guam, shall be paid over to the treasury of the Virgin Islands and the treasury of Guam, respectively. The Attorney General shall establish, and may revise from time to time, the amount of the fees to be collected pursuant to section 344(a) for deposit into the Account. 1356) (A) in the second proviso of subsection (m), by striking and naturalization; and (B) in subsection (n), by striking and naturalization; and (2) in section 332 (8 U. ; and (B) by striking subsection (h).