SECTION 1. SMALL EMPLOYER BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS. (1) Treatment as employer. An organization shall not be treated as a small employer benefit arrangement if the small employer benefit arrangement or any related entity is owned, in whole or in part, or managed or controlled in whole or in part, by any management agreement or certificates of indebtedness, directly or indirectly, or by an agents, brokers or providers of a (i) health, life, or disability insurer; (ii) retirement plan service provider (including persons who provide plan design, administration, and investment advice services to retirement plans); (iii) claim administrators; and (iv) investment advisors. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed (i) to prohibit a small employer benefit arrangement from contracting for the ordinary provision of products and services from any persons or organizations that might otherwise be prohibited from having an ownership or management interest in a small employer benefit arrangement, or (ii) to prohibit small employer benefit arrangements from creating, by and between themselves, service organizations owned and controlled exclusively by small employer benefit arrangements to provide for such products and services in the fulfillment of their purposes. (3) Definition. The term `small employer benefit arrangement' means a member owned, democratically controlled cooperative organization that (A) meets the requirements of subchapter T; (B) has at least 21 shareholders of whom 90 percent are in the same or similar line of business; (C) sponsors an accident and health plan for shareholdermembers and any employees of shareholder members; (D) sponsors a qualified retirement plan that meets the requirements of paragraph (12) or (13) of section 401(k) and is available to shareholdermembers and any employees of shareholdermembers; (E) provides employee benefits pursuant to a written agreement; and (F) requires all benefit eligible employees of a shareholdermember to participate according to the same statutory eligibility criteria normally accorded such persons. (b) Amendments to ERISA. S. Section 609 of such Act (29 U. 1169) is amended (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f); and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: (e) Small Employer Benefit Arrangements. A group health plan established or maintained by a small employer benefit arrangement shall be considered fully insured only if the terms of the arrangement provide for benefits the amount of all of which the Secretary determines are guaranteed under a contract, or policy of insurance, issued by an insurance company, insurance service, or insurance organization, qualified to conduct business in a State. The term `small employer benefit arrangement' has the meaning given such term in section 3(43) of the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act. (2) Qualified health plans. The amendments made to any provision by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of such provision.