2. Congress finds and declares the following: (1) The United States is comprised of individuals from diverse ethnic, cultural, and linguistic backgrounds, and continues to benefit from this rich diversity. (3) Among the powers reserved to the States respectively is the power to establish the English language as the official language of the respective States, and otherwise to promote the English language within the respective States, subject to the prohibitions enumerated in the Constitution of the United States and in laws of the respective States. 3. (a) In General. Such obligation shall include encouraging greater opportunities for individuals to learn the English language. Sec. For the purposes of this section (1) the term `official' refers to any function that (A) binds the Government; (B) is required by law; or (C) is otherwise subject to scrutiny by either the press or the public; and (2) the term `United States' means the several States and the District of Columbia. ); (C) actions, documents, or policies necessary for national security, international relations, trade, tourism, or commerce; (D) actions or documents that protect the public health and safety; (E) actions or documents that facilitate the activities of the Bureau of the Census in compiling any census of population; (F) actions that protect the rights of victims of crimes or criminal defendants; or (G) using terms of art or phrases from languages other than English. Uniform English language rule for naturalization (a) Uniform Language Testing Standard. All citizens of the United States should be able to read and understand generally the English language text of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the laws of the United States made in pursuance of the Constitution. Rules of construction Nothing in this chapter shall be construed (1) to prohibit a Member of Congress or any officer or agent of the Federal Government, while performing official functions under section 163, from communicating unofficially through any medium with another person in a language other than English (as long as official functions are performed in English); (2) to limit the preservation or use of Native Alaskan or Native American languages (as defined in the Native American Languages Act (25 U. )); (3) to disparage any language or to discourage any person from learning or using a language; or (4) to be inconsistent with the Constitution of the United States. Official Language. The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8 the following: 9. EFFECTIVE DATE.