SECTION 1. 2. Subchapter A of chapter 98 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to trust fund code) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: SEC. INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL TRUST FUND. (b) Transfer to Intercity Passenger Rail Trust Fund of Amounts Equivalent to Certain Taxes. 5 cent for each gallon with respect to which tax is imposed under section 4041 or 4081 after September 30, 1997, and before October 1, 2002, but only to the extent such taxes are not attributable to the Highway Trust Fund financing rate. (2) Maximum amount of funds to nonAmtrak states. If the amount determined under subparagraph (B) exceeds the amount under subparagraph (A) for any fiscal year, the amount under subparagraph (B) for the following fiscal year shall be increased by the amount of such excess. The term `qualified expenses' means expenses incurred, with respect to obligations made, after September 30, 1997, and before October 1, 2002 (A) for (i) in the case of the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, the acquisition of equipment, rolling stock, and other capital improvements, the upgrading of maintenance facilities, and the maintenance of existing equipment, in intercity passenger rail service, and the payment of interest and principal on obligations incurred for such acquisition, upgrading, and maintenance, and (ii) in the case of a nonAmtrak State, the acquisition of equipment, rolling stock, and other capital improvements, the upgrading of maintenance facilities, and the maintenance of existing equipment, in intercity passenger rail or bus service, and the payment of interest and principal on obligations incurred for such acquisition, upgrading, and maintenance, and (B) certified by the Secretary of Transportation on October 1 as meeting the requirements of subparagraph (A) and as qualified for payment under subsection (e) for the fiscal year beginning on such date. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Transportation shall certify expenses as qualified for a fiscal year on October 1 of such year, in an amount not to exceed the amount of receipts estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury to be transferred to the Intercity Passenger Rail Trust Fund for such fiscal year. The Secretary shall determine and retain, not later than October 1, 2002, the amount in the Intercity Passenger Rail Trust Fund necessary to pay any outstanding qualified expenses, and shall transfer any amount not so retained to the general fund of the Treasury.