SECTION 1. 2. (2) Basic knowledge of United States and Western history is essential to full and informed participation in civic life and to the larger vibrancy of the American experiment in self government, binding together a diverse people into a single Nation with a common purpose. (3) American citizens who lack knowledge of the organizing principles of Western civilization will also lack a true understanding and appreciation of the democratic principles that define and sustain America as a free people, such as liberty, justice, tolerance, government by the consent of the governed, and equality under the law. (4) America's colleges and universities are bellwethers of national priorities and values, setting standards for the whole of the United States education system and sending signals to students, teachers, parents, and public schools about what every educated citizen in a democracy must know. (5) Most of the Nation's colleges and universities no longer require United States history or systematic study of Western civilization as a prerequisite to graduation. (6) Distinguished historians and intellectuals fear that without a common civic memory and a common understanding of the remarkable individuals, events, and ideals that have shaped the Nation, the people in the United States risk losing much of what it means to be an American, as well as the ability to fulfill the fundamental responsibilities of citizens in a democracy. The purposes of this Act are as follows: (1) To establish and strengthen postsecondary education programs emphasizing the nature, history and philosophy of free institutions, the nature of Western civilization, and the nature of the threats to freedom from totalitarianism in all its forms. (2) To develop innovative teacher education programs designed to equip teachers to more effectively impart a knowledge of the nature of free institutions, the threats to free institutions, and the content of Western civilization to elementary, middle and high school teachers. The term American founding means a field of study in an institution of higher education that (A) encompasses part or all of the period of American history between the years 1607 through 1865, with particular emphasis on the years 17631865; (B) focuses on the major events, issues and historical personages of this period; (C) examines the historical antecedents of the major events, issues and historical personages described in subparagraph (B); or (D) conforms with other criteria that the secretary may prescribe. The term defense of freedom means fields of study in an institution of higher education that (A) examines potent political threats to free institutions (as such term is defined in this Act), including communism, fascism, national socialism, and nihilism; or (B) examines human tendencies that threaten free institutions, including tribalism, racism, caste consciousness, and zealotry; or (C) examines world history in the period 1901 through 2001, with particular emphasis on the years 1914 to the present, in order to understand the challenges of maintaining a free society while resisting totalitarian movements of global ambition. (3) Eligible institution. (A) In general. S. The term western civilization means a field of study in an institution of higher education that (A) encompasses part or all of the period of European history between 500 B. (2) Design and implementation of courses and the development of new, and supporting of existing, centers devoted to the ends of this Act. In establishing criteria under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consider the following selection criteria in making grants: (1) Educational value, and relevance to one or more purpose described in section 2 of the proposed project. (d) Grant Application. (g) Multiple Awards. (a) For the purpose of carrying out this Act, there are authorized to be appropriated (1) $140,000,000 for fiscal year 2003; and (2) such sums as may be necessary for each of the succeeding 5 fiscal years.