SECTION 1. 2. AUTHORITY TO EXEMPT CERTAIN SECURITIES. Section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U. C. (B) The securities may be offered and sold publicly. (C) The securities shall not be restricted securities within the meaning of the Federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. (E) The issuer may solicit interest in the offering prior to filing any offering statement, on such terms and conditions as the Commission may prescribe in the public interest or for the protection of investors. (G) Such other terms, conditions, or requirements as the Commission may determine necessary in the public interest and for the protection of investors, which may include (i) a requirement that the issuer prepare and electronically file with the Commission and distribute to prospective investors an offering statement, and any related documents, in such form and with such content as prescribed by the Commission, including audited financial statements and a description of the issuer's business operations, its financial condition, its corporate governance principles, its use of investor funds, and other appropriate matters; and (ii) disqualification provisions under which the exemption shall not be available to the issuer or its predecessors, affiliates, officers, directors, underwriters, or other related persons, which shall be substantially similar to the disqualification provisions contained in the regulations adopted in accordance with section 926 of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U. 77d note). Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Small Company Capital Formation Act of 2011 and every 2 years thereafter, the Commission shall review the offering amount limitation described in paragraph (2)(A) and shall increase such amount as the Commission determines appropriate. If the Commission determines not to increase such amount, it shall report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on its reasons for not increasing the amount. 77r(b)(4)) is amended (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ; or at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E), and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: (D) a rule or regulation adopted pursuant to section 3(b)(2) and such security is (i) offered or sold on a national securities exchange; or (ii) offered or sold to a qualified purchaser as defined by the Commission pursuant to paragraph (3) with respect to that purchase or sale.