SECTION 1. 2. Congress finds the following: (1) The Honduran police are widely established to be deeply corrupt and commit human rights abuses, including torture, rape, illegal detention, and murder, with impunity. (2) The New York Times revealed documents on April 15, 2016, indicating that top officials of the Honduran police ordered the killings of drugcrime investigators Julian Aristides Gonzales and Alfredo Landaverde in 2009 and 2011, respectively, with the subsequent knowledge of top police and, evidently, highranking government officials. The Times suggested in a subsequent article that the revelations were being manipulated by the President of Honduras for his own corrupt purposes. Human Rights Watch reports: The use of lethal force by the national police is a chronic problem. Investigations into the police abuses are marred by inefficiency and corruption, little information about them is made public; and impunity is the rule. (5) The Department of State's Honduran Human Rights Report for 2016 reports: Impunity remains a serious problem, with prosecution in cases of military and police officials charged with human rights violations moving too slowly or remaining inconclusive. However, to date there has been minimal and only token progress in effectively prosecuting members of the police involved in corruption and human rights abuses, and the reported separations have not been independently verified. (7) Rights Action documented the Fifteenth Battalion of the Honduran Armed Forces allegedly participated with police and private security forces in some of the killings of over 100 smallfarmer activists in the Aguan Valley beginning in 2000. To date there has been one confirmed conviction of a private actor. (8) Further examples abound of human rights abuses by the military: in July 2013 members of the Armed Forces shot and killed Tomas Garcia, a Lenca Indigenous activist, and injured his son while they were peacefully protesting a dam project; in May 2014, nine members of the Ninth Infantry reportedly tortured and killed Amado Maradiaga Quiroz and tortured his son, Milton Noe Maradiaga Varela. Judges, prosecutors and other officials are interconnected with organized crime and drug traffickers, contributing to nearcomplete immunity. (12) Summarizing the situation, Human Rights Watch reports in 2016 that Rampant crime and impunity for human rights abuses remain the norm in Honduras. . . Efforts to reform the institutions responsible for providing public security have made little progress. (13) The March 2, 2016, assassination of prominent Lenca Indigenous and environmental activist Berta Caceres, world renowned recipient of the 2015 Goldman Environmental Prize for her work defending Indigenous land rights against a hydroelectric dam project, illustrates the human rights crisis in Honduras, and the deep complicity of the Honduran government. Caceres, the leader of COPINH, the Council of Indigenous and Popular Organizations of Honduras, had reported to authorities 33 threats previous to her killing, but none had been investigated, and the government had failed to provide adequate protection measures as mandated by the InterAmerican Commission on Human Rights, with protection by Honduran security being withdrawn the day of her death. These arrests raise serious questions about the role of the Honduran military in her assassination, including the chain of command within the military as well as the identity of the true authors of the assassination. Caceres' family to the case file. In late September 2016, the original case file was allowed to leave the Public Ministry and was stolen. (19) The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 allocated approximately $18,000,000 to the Honduran police and military, in addition to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 authorizing additional funding. (20) The InterAmerican Development Bank in 2012 lent $59,800,000 to the Honduran police, with United States approval. SUSPENSION AND RESTRICTIONS OF SECURITY ASSISTANCE EXTENDED TO REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS UNLESS CERTAIN CONDITIONS HAVE BEEN MET.