SECTION 1. The Congress finds the following: (1) Corporations are subject to a tax rate of up to 34 percent or 35 percent. (2) Over the past several years, one of the most serious problems affecting the middleclass has been corporate downsizing. Many large, wealthy, and profitable corporations have reduced the number of their American employees by transferring those jobs to foreign countries or have reduced the number of their employees in order to realize an immediate shortterm profit or increase in stock value. (a) In General. 386. For any taxable year, if any profitable large corporation reduces by 15 percent or more the number of employees who perform any task or function at any facility in the United States, the amount of each facilityrelated tax benefit shall be reduced by 50 percent. The term `facilityrelated tax benefit' means (i) any tax benefit to the extent attributable to a facility described in subsection (a), or (ii) to the extent that a tax benefit is not attributable to any facility, a pro rata portion of such tax benefit (as determined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary). Such term shall not include (i) any exclusion from gross income under section 127 or 129 or any other deduction for the cost of employee health care, child care, job training, or retraining, or (ii) any other tax benefit (other than wages) which the Secretary determines by regulation to be a tax benefit for costs incurred primarily for the benefit of employees rather than the employer. The term `large corporation' means a corporation or partnership which is not a small business concern (within the meaning of section 3 of the Small Business Act, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section). Any large corporation shall be treated as profitable, for any taxable year, if the sum of taxable income (if any) for the 5taxableyear period ending with the preceding taxable year (or, if shorter, the period consisting of all preceding taxable years of such large corporation) equals or exceeds the sum of the net operating losses (if any) attributable to such period. (4) Related persons. The term `tax benefit' means a credit, deduction, or exclusion allowable under this title. This section and the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2006. Section 235 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U. If a facilityrelated tax benefit of an entity for a taxable year is reduced by reason of section 386(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, then (A) the entity shall immediately repay to the Bank the amount of any loan made by the Bank to the entity; (B) any insurance policy provided by the Bank to the entity is rescinded; and (C) until the Secretary of the Treasury determines that the activity on the basis of which the facilityrelated tax benefit of the entity was so reduced has ceased, the Bank may not, during the immediately succeeding taxable year of the entity, extend credit, participate in an extension of credit, or provide any insurance, directly to the entity.