SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. TITLE IPHARMACOTHERAPY RESEARCH SEC. S. 201. C. DESIGNATION OF DRUGS. and inserting such disease or condition, or treatment of such addiction. ; and (2) in paragraph (2) (A) by striking (2) For and inserting (2)(A) For; (B) by striking (A) affects and inserting (i) affects; (C) by striking (B) affects and inserting (ii) affects; and (D) by adding at the end the following: (B) For purposes of this subchapter, the term `treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs' means treatment by any pharmacological agent or medication that (i) reduces the craving for an illegal drug for an individual who (I) habitually uses the illegal drug in a manner that endangers the public health, safety, or welfare; or (II) is so addicted to the use of the illegal drug that the individual is not able to control the addiction through the exercise of selfcontrol; (ii) blocks the behavioral and physiological effects of an illegal drug for an individual described in clause (i); (iii) safely serves as a replacement therapy for the treatment of abuse of an illegal drug for an individual described in clause (i); (iv) moderates or eliminates the process of withdrawal from an illegal drug for an individual described in clause (i); (v) blocks or reverses the toxic effect of an illegal drug on an individual described in clause (i); or (vi) prevents, where possible, the initiation of abuse of an illegal drug in individuals at high risk. (C) The term `illegal drug' means a controlled substance identified under schedules I, II, III, IV, and V in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. OPEN PROTOCOLS FOR INVESTIGATIONS OF DRUGS. 360dd) is amended (1) by striking rare disease or condition and inserting rare disease or condition, or for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs,; and (2) by striking the disease or condition each place it appears and inserting the disease, condition, or addiction. The subchapter heading of subchapter B of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U. C. and inserting rare disease or condition, or other than for treatment of an addiction to illegal drugs, respectively. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: Subchapter FDrugs for Cocaine and Heroin Addictions SEC. Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall, in cooperation with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, establish criteria for an acceptable drug for the treatment of an addiction to cocaine and for an acceptable drug for the treatment of an addiction to heroin. The criteria established under subsection (a) for a drug shall include requirements (1) that the application to use the drug for the treatment of addiction to cocaine or heroin was filed and approved by the Secretary under this Act after the date of enactment of this section; (2) that a performance based test on the drug (A) has been conducted through the use of a randomly selected test group that received the drug as a treatment and a randomly selected control group that received a placebo; and (B) has compared the long term differences in the addiction levels of control group participants and test group participants; (3) that the performance based test conducted under paragraph (2) demonstrates that the drug is effective through evidence that (A) a significant number of the participants in the test who have an addiction to cocaine or heroin are willing to take the drug for the addiction; (B) a significant number of the participants in the test who have an addiction to cocaine or heroin and who were provided the drug for the addiction during the test are willing to continue taking the drug as long as necessary for the treatment of the addiction; and (C) a significant number of the participants in the test who were provided the drug for the period of time required for the treatment of the addiction refrained from the use of cocaine or heroin, after the date of the initial administration of the drug on the participants, for a significantly longer period than the average period of refraining from such use under currently available treatments (as of the date of the application described in paragraph (1)); and (4) that the drug shall have a reasonable cost of production. A contract or licensing agreement described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (2) shall cover not more than 1 drug. A contract under subsection (b)(1) to purchase the patent rights relating to a drug to treat cocaine or heroin addiction shall transfer to the Secretary (A) the exclusive right to make, use, or sell the patented drug within the United States for the term of the patent; (B) any foreign patent rights held by the patent owner with respect to the drug; (C) any patent rights relating to the process of manufacturing the drug; and (D) any trade secret or confidential business information relating to the development of the drug, process for manufacturing the drug, and therapeutic effects of the drug. (b) Plan Requirements. The plan shall set forth (1) procedures for the Secretary to enter into licensing agreements with private entities for the manufacture and the distribution of the drug; (2) procedures for making the drug available to nonprofit entities and private entities to use in the treatment of a cocaine or heroin addiction; (3) a system to establish the sale price for the drug; and (4) policies and procedures with respect to the use of Federal funds by State and local governments or nonprofit entities to purchase the drug from the Secretary. Upon completion of the plan under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Education and the Workplace, of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, of the Senate, of the development of the plan and publish the plan in the Federal Register. The Secretary shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the plan for a period of not more than 30 days after the date of the publication of the plan in the Federal Register. No official or court of the United States shall have power or jurisdiction to review the decision of the Secretary on any question of law or fact relating to any agency action with respect to the plan. There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subchapter, such sums as may be necessary in each of the fiscal years 1999 through 2001.