SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Alternative Fueled Vehicles Competitiveness and Energy Security Act of 2013. 1. 2. Sec. Technical assistance and coordination. Electric, hydrogen, and natural gas utility and oil pipeline participation. Sec. In this Act: (1) Alternative fuel. C. The term community college has the meaning given the term junior or community college in section 312 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U. The term nonroad vehicle includes a vehicle described in subparagraph (A) that is used principally (i) for industrial, farming, or commercial use; (ii) for rail transportation; (iii) at an airport; or (iv) for marine purposes. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Energy. Section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U. The term `qualifying components' means components, systems, or groups of subsystems that the Secretary determines (A) to be designed to improve fuel economy or otherwise substantially reduce consumption of conventional motor fuel; or (B) to contribute measurably to the overall improved fuel use of an advanced technology vehicle, including idle reduction technologies. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, by rule, develop a methodology for calculating the equivalent volumes of conventional fuel displaced by use of each alternative fuel to assess the effectiveness of alternative fuel and alternative fueled vehicles in reducing oil imports. (1) In general. The technical assistance described in paragraph (1) may include (A) coordination in the selection, location, and timing of alternative fuel recharging and refueling equipment and distribution infrastructure, including the identification of transportation corridors and specific alternative fuels that would be made available; (B) development of protocols and communication standards that facilitate vehicle refueling and recharging into electric, natural gas, and other alternative fuel distribution systems; (C) development of codes and standards for the installation of alternative fuel distribution and recharging and refueling equipment; (D) education and outreach for the deployment of alternative fuel and alternative fueled vehicles; and (E) utility rate design and integration of alternative fueled vehicles into electric and natural gas utility distribution systems. (b) Cost Sharing. There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018. WORKFORCE TRAINING. The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall award grants to community colleges, other institutions of higher education, and other qualified training and education institutions for the establishment or expansion of programs to provide training and education for vocational workforce development for (1) the manufacture and maintenance of alternative fueled vehicles; and (2) the manufacture, installation, support, and inspection of alternative fuel recharging, refueling, and distribution infrastructure. Training funded under this section shall include training for (1) electricians, plumbers, pipefitters, and other trades and contractors who will be installing, maintaining, or providing safety support for alternative fuel recharging, refueling, and distribution infrastructure; (2) building code inspection officials; (3) vehicle, engine, and powertrain dealers and mechanics; and (4) others positions as the Secretary determines necessary to successfully deploy alternative fuels and vehicles. 16104(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: (5) Idle reduction technology. The term `idle reduction technology' means an advanced truck stop electrification system, auxiliary power unit, or other technology that (A)(i) is used to reduce longduration idling; and (ii) allows for the main drive engine or auxiliary refrigeration engine to be shut down; or (B) uses an alternative fuel to reduce consumption of conventional fuel and environmental emissions. C. The Secretary shall carry out this section in consultation with (1) the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; (2) State public utility commissions; (3) State consumer advocates; (4) electric and natural gas utility and transmission owners and operators; (5) oil pipeline owners and operators; (6) hydrogen suppliers; and (7) other affected entities. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary (in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, the Secretary of Defense, the Postmaster General, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget) shall complete an assessment of Federal Government fleets (including the United States Postal Service and the Department of Defense) and submit to Congress a report that describes (1) for each Federal agency with a fleet of more than 200 vehicles, which types of vehicles the agency uses that would or would not be suitable for alternative fuel use either through the procurement of new alternative fueled vehicles, or the conversion to alternative fuel, taking into account the types of vehicles for which alternative fuel could provide comparable functionality and lifecycle costs; (2) the quantity of alternative fueled vehicles that could be deployed by the Federal Government in 5 years and in 10 years, assuming that the vehicles are available and are purchased when new vehicles are needed or existing vehicles are replaced; and (3) the estimated cost and benefits to the Federal Government for vehicle purchases or conversions described in this subsection. Section 166(b)(5) of title 23, United States Code, is amended (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking Before September 30, 2017, the State and inserting The State; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking Before September 30, 2017, the State and inserting The State.