2. 604) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (l) Authority To Establish Undergraduate PostSecondary or Vocational Educational Program. Subject to paragraph (2), a State to which a grant is made under section 403 may use the grant to establish a program under which an eligible participant (as defined in paragraph (3)) may be provided support services described in paragraph (5). (ii) During the first 24 months that the individual participates in the program, the individual engages in a combination of educational activities in connection with a course of study, training, study time, employment, or work experience for an average of not less than 24 hours per week. For purposes of determining hours per week under clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (A), a State may not count study time of less than 1 hour for every hour of class time or more than 2 hours for every hour of class time. For good cause, the State may allow an individual to complete their degree requirements or vocational educational training program within a period not to exceed 1\1/2\ times the normal time frame established under subparagraph (A) (unless further modification is required by the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U. For purposes of the preceding sentence, good cause includes the case of an individual with 1 or more significant barriers to normal participation, as determined by the State, such as the need to care for a family member with special needs. For purposes of paragraph (1), the support services described in this paragraph include any or all of the following during the period the eligible participant is in the program established under this subsection: (A) Child care. Section 407(c)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U. 608(a)(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following: (H) Credit for months participating in a pathways to selfsufficiency program. In determining the number of months for which an adult has received assistance under a State program funded under this part, the State may disregard any month during which the adult is a participant in a program that meets the requirements of section 404(l).