SECTION 1. 2. Art. Sexual abuse (a) Any person subject to this chapter who knowingly (1) causes another person to engage in a sexual act by using force against that other person; (2) causes another person to engage in a sexual act by threatening or placing that other person in fear that any person will be subjected to death, grievous bodily harm, or kidnapping; (3) renders another person unconscious and thereby engages in a sexual act with that other person; or (4) administers to another person by force or threat of force, or without the knowledge or permission of that other person, a drug, intoxicant, or other similar substance and thereby (A) substantially impairs the ability of that other person to appraise or control conduct; and (B) engages in a sexual act with that other person; is guilty of aggravated sexual abuse and shall be punished as a court martial may direct. In a prosecution under this subsection, it need not be proven that the accused knew that the other person engaging in the sexual act had not attained the age of twelve years. (d)(1) Any person subject to this chapter who knowingly engages in a sexual act with another person who (A) has attained the age of twelve years but has not attained the age of sixteen years; and (B) is not that person's spouse; is guilty of sexual abuse of a minor and shall be punished as a court martial may direct. (e) Any person subject to this chapter who knowingly engages in a sexual act with another person who is (1) in official detention or confinement; (2) under the custodial, supervisory, or disciplinary authority of the person so engaging; and (3) is not that person's spouse; is guilty of sexual abuse of a prisoner and shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct. (f) In this section, the term `sexual act' means (1) contact between the penis and the vulva or the penis and the anus, and for purposes of this subparagraph contact involving the penis occurs upon penetration, however slight; (2) contact between the mouth and the penis, the mouth and the vulva, or the mouth and the anus; (3) the penetration, however slight, of the anal or genital opening of another by a hand or finger or by any object, with an intent to abuse, humiliate, harass, degrade, or arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person; or (4) the intentional touching, not through the clothing, of the genitalia of another person who has not attained the age of sixteen years with an intent to abuse, humiliate, harass, degrade, or arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person. The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 920 and inserting the following new item: 920. Sexual abuse. (d) Effective Date. (2) For sexual abuse or sexual abuse of a minor, such punishment may not exceed dishonorable discharge, forfeiture of all pay and allowances, and confinement for twenty years. (f) No Preemption.