This Act may be cited as the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Act. Congress makes the following findings: (1) The American Board of Preventive medicine defines preventive medicine as that specialty of medical practice which focuses on the health of individuals and defined populations in order to protect, promote and maintain health and wellbeing and prevent disease, disability and premature death. They have the skills needed to understand and reduce the risks of disease, disability and death in individuals and in population groups. Clinicians see patients on a daily basis and provide services in screening, health counseling, and immunization to diabetics, cardiac patients, and others who can benefit from prevention and lifestyle modification. Non clinical preventive medicine includes health policy, social and behavioral aspects of health and disease, epidemiology, or other areas in which populations, not individual patients, are the primary focus. Many preventive medicine physicians practice both clinical and nonclinical medicine. (5) While preventive medicine doctors are employed in all health sectors, they often serve in lead roles within the public health force, working in State and local health departments, as well as Federal Government agencies, such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health. (6) In the workplace, preventive medicine doctors in occupational medicine parallel the general public health system in dealing with illnesses and injuries in workplace populations through worker protection, personal health promotion, hazard control, business continuity and effective medical management. (7) There is an extreme shortage of doctors in the public health field. (11) The Health Resources and Services Administration reported that in 2000, there were 7,011 preventive medicine specialists. This was a decrease from 7,734 in 1970. (13) In 2000, less than 3 percent of all medical school faculty also held masters degrees in public health. (14) Preventive medicine trained physicians are an essential part of the public health workforce and are critical to the Nation's ability to protect its citizens from biological threats, including avian influenza and emerging threats from bioterrorism. 3. S. To be eligible to receive a grant or contract under subsection (a), an entity shall (1) be a school of public health, public health department, school of medicine or osteopathic medicine, public or private hospital, or public or private nonprofit entity; (2) submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require; and (3) maintain and adhere to a letter of agreement with a local community health center (if available in the local area involved) that supports practicum training of preventive medicine residents, if practicable.