This Act may be cited as the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act of 2012. 2. In this Act: (1) Management plan. To promote environmentally responsible high quality motorized and nonmotorized trail based recreation, including offhighway vehicle use, scenic touring, access for hunting and gem collecting, while protecting ecological, geological, scenic, cultural, and historic resources, fish and wildlife values, and other resources of the landscape, there is established the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in the State, to be managed by the Secretary. (b) Boundaries. The Recreation Area shall consist of approximately 75,000 acres of Federal land in San Benito County and Fresno County, California, as generally depicted on the map entitled Clear Creek National Recreation Area and dated July 30, 2012. (c) Map. Copies of the map submitted under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in (A) the Office of the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and (B) the appropriate office of the Bureau of Land Management in California. SEC. ); and (3) any other applicable law. The Secretary shall use the 2005 Clear Creek Management Area Travel Management Plan as modified by this Act, or by the Secretary to incorporate natural resource protection information not available in 2005, as the basis of an interim management plan to govern motorized recreation within the Recreation Area pending the completion of the longterm management plan required in subsection (d). The Secretary may acquire land adjacent to the National Recreation Area by purchase from willing sellers, donation, or exchange. (2) Management. S. Nothing in this Act (1) shall constitute or be construed to constitute either an express or implied reservation by the United States of any water or water rights with respect to the Recreation Area; or (2) shall affect any water rights existing on the date of the enactment of this Act. Nothing in this Act (1) limits hunting or fishing; or (2) affects the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the State to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law (including regulations), including the regulation of hunting or fishing on public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management. Except in cases in which motorized vehicles are needed for administrative purposes or to respond to an emergency, the use of motorized vehicles on public land in the Recreation Area shall be permitted only on roads, trails, and areas designated by the management plan for the use by motorized vehicles. 9605), shall not apply to the Secretary's management of asbestos exposure risks faced by the public when recreating within the Clear Creek Recreation Area described in section 3(b). JOAQUIN ROCKS WILDERNESS. In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U. 1274(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following paragraphs: (208) Larious canyon. The approximately 5. (210) Cantua creek. 45 miles of the unnamed tributary of White Creek from its source in Section 33, R13E, T18S, to its confluence with White Creek.