SECTION 1. 2. (2) Crohn's disease may occur in any section of the gastrointestinal tract but is predominately found in the lower part of the small intestine and the large intestine. Complete removal of the colon in patients with ulcerative colitis can potentially alleviate and cure symptoms. Both diseases present a variety of symptoms, including severe diarrhea, abdominal pain with cramps, fever, arthritic joint pain, inflammation of the eye, and rectal bleeding. There is no known cause of inflammatory bowel disease, or medical cure. (11) The National Institutes of Health National Commission on Digestive Diseases issued comprehensive research goals related to inflammatory bowel disease in its April 2009 report to Congress and the American public entitled; Opportunities and Challenges in Digestive Diseases Research: Recommendations of the National Commission on Digestive Diseases. 3. Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U. The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, may award grants to, and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with, a patient or medical organization with expertise in conducting inflammatory bowel disease research to develop and administer the epidemiology program. (4) Specific physical and psychosocial issues impacting pediatric patients, including stunted growth, malnutrition, delayed puberty, and depression. (6) The importance of identifying aggressive disease in children at an early stage in order to implement the most effective treatment protocol. (7) Complications of inflammatory bowel disease and related secondary conditions, including colorectal cancer. Not later than September 30, 2010, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, a report regarding the status of activities carried out under this section. (e) Authorization of Appropriations.