SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 2. Section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U. S. 2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; (B) the term `Erate program' means the universal service program for schools and libraries authorized under subsection (h)(1)(B), the rules of which are set forth under subpart F of part 54 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation), as authorized under subsection (h)(2)(A); (C) the term `Erate support' means universal service discounts on eligible services in accordance with subpart F of part 54 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation), as authorized under subsection (h)(2)(A); (D) the term `Indian tribe' has the meaning given the term in section 20. 1 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; and (E) the term `qualifying anchor institution' means a facility owned by an Indian tribe, including a tribal government building, chapter house, longhouse, community center, senior center, or other similar public building. 9161) may designate a tribal library or tribal library consortium as a library or consortium that is eligible for Erate support, without regard to whether the library or library consortium is eligible for assistance from a State Library Administrative Agency under the Library Services and Technology Act (20 U. (B) Tribal anchor institution demonstration program. Erate support obtained under this subparagraph shall only be available for an Indian tribe if (aa) the proposed qualifying anchor institution is exclusively owned by the Indian tribe; and (bb) the proposed qualifying anchor institution intends to deliver publicly available Internet access to students, teachers, librarians, and members of the community for educational purposes. Nothing in this clause shall be construed to provide the Commission with the authority to modify the eligibility requirements described in this clause. Of the amount collected for the Universal Service Fund under subsection (d), $20,000,000 shall be made available for each of the first 5 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of the Tribal Connect Act of 2017 to the Commission to carry out this paragraph. The Commission shall review each annual report required under subparagraph (A) to determine whether additional steps are necessary to ensure that tribal schools and libraries can participate fully and effectively in the Erate program.