SECTION 1. Taxexempt status required as condition of charter. Liability for acts of officers and agents. Sec. Organization (a) Federal Charter. American Military Retirees Association (in this chapter, the `corporation'), a nonprofit organization that meets the requirements for a veterans service organization under section 501(c)(19) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is organized under the laws of the State of New York, is a federally chartered corporation. If the corporation does not comply with the provisions of this chapter, the charter granted by subsection (a) shall expire. Purposes (a) General. The purposes of the corporation are as provided in its bylaws and articles of incorporation and include (1) encouraging military retirees to band together to protect earned benefits by educating on benefits available; and (2) advocating for the protection of earned benefits through active monitoring of legislation in Congress and the policies and proposals of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. 140404. The composition of the board of directors of the corporation, and the responsibilities of the board, are as provided in the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the corporation. The corporation may not issue stock or declare or pay a dividend. (c) Loans. The corporation may not make a loan to a director, officer, employee, or member of the corporation. (e) Corporate Status. 140407. The corporation shall keep (1) correct and complete records of account; (2) minutes of the proceedings of the members, board of directors, and committees of the corporation having any of the authority of the board of directors of the corporation; and (3) at the principal office of the corporation, a record of the names and addresses of the members of the corporation entitled to vote on matters relating to the corporation. The report may not be printed as a public document. The table of chapters at the beginning of subtitle II of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 1403 the following new item: 1404. .