For the purposes of this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) Conservation area. (4) Public lands. SEC. (a) In General. The Acquisition Planning District shall consist of approximately 142,800 acres of land in the Arizona counties of Pima and Santa Cruz, including the Conservation Area, as generally depicted on the map entitled Sonoita Valley Acquisition Planning District and Las Cienegas National Conservation Area and dated October 2, 2000. The map and legal description shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct clerical and typographical errors in such map and legal description. Copies of the map and legal description shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, and in the appropriate office of the Bureau of Land Management in Arizona. (b) Federal Lands. Nothing in this Act shall be construed as affecting the jurisdiction or responsibilities of the State of Arizona with respect to fish and wildlife within the Acquisition Planning District. (f) Coordinated Management. The Conservation Area shall consist of approximately 42,000 acres of public lands in the Arizona counties of Pima and Santa Cruz, as generally depicted on the map entitled Sonoita Valley Acquisition Planning District and Las Cienegas National Conservation Area and dated October 2, 2000. As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a map and legal description of the Conservation Area. In case of a conflict between the map referred to in subsection (b) and the map and legal description submitted by the Secretary, the map referred to in subsection (b) shall control. (d) Motorized Vehicles. Designation of the Conservation Area shall not impact or impose any altitude, flight, or other airspace restrictions on current or future military operations or missions. Hunting shall be allowed within the Conservation Area in accordance with applicable laws and regulations of the United States and the State of Arizona, except that the Secretary, after consultation with the Arizona State wildlife management agency, may issue regulations designating zones where and establishing periods when no hunting shall be permitted for reasons of public safety, administration, or public use and enjoyment. Nothing in this Act shall preclude such measures as the Secretary determines necessary to prevent devastating fire or infestation of insects or disease within the Conservation Area. The fact that there may be activities or uses on lands outside the Conservation Area that would not be permitted in the Conservation Area shall not preclude such activities or uses on such lands up to the boundary of the Conservation Area consistent with other applicable laws. Subject to valid existing rights all Federal lands within the Conservation Area and all lands and interest therein which are hereafter acquired by the United States are hereby withdrawn from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws and from location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and from operation of the mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws and all amendments thereto. The management plan shall include (1) provisions designed to ensure the protection of the resources and values described in section 4(a); (2) an implementation plan for a continuing program of interpretation and public education about the resources and values of the Conservation Area; (3) a proposal for minimal administrative and public facilities to be developed or improved at a level compatible with achieving the resource objectives for the Conservation Area and with the other proposed management activities to accommodate visitors to the Conservation Area; (4) cultural resources management strategies for the Conservation Area, prepared in consultation with appropriate departments of the State of Arizona, with emphasis on the preservation of the resources of the Conservation Area and the interpretive, educational, and longterm scientific uses of these resources, giving priority to the enforcement of the Archaeological Resources Protection Act of 1979 (16 U. ); and (10) provisions designed to ensure that if a road or trail located on public lands within the Conservation Area, or any portion of such a road or trail, is removed, consideration shall be given to providing similar alternative access to the portion of the Conservation Area serviced by such removed road or trail. In order to assist in the development and implementation of the management plan, the Secretary may authorize appropriate research, including research concerning the environmental, biological, hydrological, cultural, agricultural, recreational, and other characteristics, resources, and values of the Conservation Area, pursuant to section 307(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. The Secretary is authorized to acquire lands or interest in lands owned by the State of Arizona located within the boundaries of the Acquisition Planning District only with the consent of the State and in accordance with State law, by donation, exchange, or purchase. As consideration for the acquisitions by the United States of lands or interest in lands under this paragraph, the Secretary shall pay fair market value for such lands or shall convey to the State of Arizona all or some interest in Federal lands (including buildings and other improvements on such lands or other Federal property other than real property) or any other asset of equal value within the State of Arizona. (b) Management of Acquired Lands.