This Act may be cited as the Medicare Payment Improvement Act of 2009. 2. S. 1395w4(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (6) Value index. The quality component shall be based on a composite score that reflects quality measures available on a State or hospital referral area (as so defined) basis. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Medicare Payment Improvement Act of 2009, the Secretary shall establish a group of experts and stakeholders to make consensus recommendations to the Secretary regarding development of the quality component. The membership of the advisory group shall at least reflect providers, purchasers, health plans, researchers, relevant Federal agencies, and individuals with technical expertise on health care quality. (II) Duties. In the development of recommendations with respect to the quality component, the group established under subclause (I) shall consider at least the following areas: (aa) High variation and high cost per capita utilization of resources, including rates of hospitalizations, number of visits and subspecialty referrals, and number of procedures (as determined by data under this title). (cc) The continuity, management, and coordination of health care and care transitions, including episodes of care, for patients across the continuum of providers, health care settings, and health plans. (dd) Patient, caregiver, and authorized representative experience, quality and relevance of information provided to patients, caregivers, and authorized representatives, and use of information by patients, caregivers, and authorized representatives to inform decision making. (ee) The safety, effectiveness, and timeliness of care. The quality component for each hospital referral area (as so defined) shall be the ratio of the quality score for such area to the national average quality score. (C) Cost component. The Secretary may use total per beneficiary expenditures under such parts in the last two years of life as an alternative measure if the Secretary determines that such measure better takes into account severity differences among hospital referral areas. ; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting and value after geographic in the first sentence; (iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking physician work effort and inserting value; (v) by striking subparagraph (E); and (vi) by striking subparagraph (G); (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: (2) Computation of geographic and value adjustment factor. (c) Availability of Quality Component Prior to Implementation. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make the quality component described in section 1848(c)(6)(B) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a), for each hospital referral area (as defined by the Secretary) available to the public by not later than July 1, 2011. Notwithstanding the amendments made by the preceding provisions of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for an appropriate transition to the amendments made by this section. Under such transition, in the case of payments under such fee schedule for services furnished during (1) 2012, 25 percent of such payments shall be based on the amount of payment that would have applied to the services if such amendments had not been enacted and 75 percent of such payment shall be based on the amount of payment that would have applied to the services if such amendments had been fully implemented; (2) 2013, 50 percent of such payment shall be based on the amount of payment that would have applied to the services if such amendments had not been enacted and 50 percent of such payment shall be based on the amount of payment that would have applied to the services if such amendments had been fully implemented; and (3) 2014 and subsequent years, 100 percent of such payment shall be based on the amount of payment that is applicable under such amendments.