(a) Establishment of Academy. The Administrator shall establish a National Academy of Space for the instruction and preparation of selected individuals for service in a spacerelated capacity in the employ of the United States or a United States corporation. The Academy shall consist of a program of instruction leading to baccalaureate degrees in science, mathematics, and engineering at not less than 6 nor more than 10 universities selected under subsection (b)(3), with uniform curriculum criteria established by the Board, in conjunction with the Director. The Administrator shall appoint a Board of the National Academy of Space (in this section referred to as the Board) consisting of a broadly representative group of scientists, engineers, educators, and businessmen representing spacerelated industries, along with the president of each university selected under paragraph (3). (3) Selection of universities for academy. The selections shall come from universities that have applied to the Board and that have demonstrated the willingness and capability to provide room, in a separate dormitory or portion of a dormitory, and board to scholarship winners and to offer the Academy's uniform curriculum. (3) A student who satisfies the requirements of subsection (f)(2) may receive additional scholarships, each awarded for a period of 1 academic year, in order to complete his or her undergraduate course of study to a maximum of 3 such additional awards. In the event that the student fails to meet the requirements of this section, the student's eligibility to receive further scholarships (or scholarship proceeds) under this section shall be suspended in accordance with the regulations of the Administrator. The Administrator shall determine circumstances under which eligibility of a scholarship recipient under this section may be reinstated if the recipient seeks to reenter school after an interruption of schooling for personal reasons, including, but not limited to, pregnancy, childrearing, and other family responsibilities. In the event that funds available in a fiscal year are insufficient to fully fund all awards under this section, the amount paid to each student shall be reduced proportionately. Each recipient of an award under this section shall, as a condition of the receipt of such award, agree to complete 4 years of (A) service in a spacerelated capacity in the employ of the United States or any corporation or other entity, organized under the laws of the United States or of a State of the United States, at least 50 percent of which is owned by United States nationals, and which is engaged in spacerelated research or endeavor; (B) postgraduate education in physical, life, or computer science, mathematics, or engineering at an institution of higher education; or (C) a combination of service and education described under subparagraphs (A) and (B). There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section (1) $9,000,000 for fiscal year 1996, of which $5,000,000 shall be for the establishment of a permanent headquarters for the Academy pursuant to section 1(a); (2) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 1997; (3) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 1998; (4) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 1999; and (5) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2000. For purposes of this Act (1) the term Administrator means the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; (2) the term institution of higher education has the meaning given such term in section 1201(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965; and (3) the term State means each of the 50 States and any other Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States represented in the Congress by a Member or Delegate.