SHORT TITLE. This Act may be cited as the Securing Department of Homeland Security Firearms Act of 2017 or the Securing DHS Firearms Act of 2017. SEC. The term Department means the Department of Homeland Security. (4) Under secretary for management. The term `interoperable communications' has the meaning given such term in section 7303(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U. (2) Sensitive assets. The term `sensitive assets' means any asset, regardless of value (A) that the Department of Homeland Security issues to a Department employee; and (B) that either the Under Secretary for Management of the Department or a component head determines requires special control and accounting. MANAGEMENT DIRECTIVE. Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Management shall develop and disseminate a Departmentwide directive for achieving adequate security over firearms and other sensitive assets across the Department. (D) Reporting requirements for lost firearms and other sensitive assets, including timelines for such reporting, to supervisors, local law enforcement, the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Crime Information Center, and Department headquarters. Not later than 1 year after the issuance of the directive required under subsection (a) the Under Secretary for Management shall review and update, as necessary, such directive, including adding a requirement relating to recording in the inventory systems maintained by each component of the Department the acceptance or transfer of a firearm or other sensitive asset by such component. (3) Requirements for initial, recurrent, and remedial training on safeguarding such assets. (5) A requirement that the file maintained on a lost firearm or other sensitive asset contains both the corresponding police report and the Department report detailing the circumstances surrounding such loss, including information on adherence to safeguarding procedures. HAAS, Clerk.