SECTION 1. GRADUATE STUDY REIMBURSEMENTS FOR CERTAIN LEGISLATIVE BRANCH EMPLOYEES. The head of each employing office in the legislative branch may make payments to an eligible employee of the office to reimburse the employee for tuition and fees paid by the employee to an institution of higher education during a semester for enrollment in a program of postbaccalaureate study leading to a graduate degree. The amount of a payment made to an eligible employee under this Act shall be equal to the amount of tuition and fees paid by the employee to the institution of higher education for the semester (excluding any portion of such tuition and fees covered by a scholarship or other type of financial assistance which does not consist of a student loan), except that such amount may not exceed $3,000. ELIGIBILITY OF EMPLOYEES. For purposes of this section, an employee is eligible to receive a payment under this Act if (1) at the time the first payment is made to the employee under this Act, the employee has been continuously employed on a fulltime basis by an employing office for not fewer than 12 consecutive months; (2) with respect to the semester for which the payment is made, the employee meets the student assistance eligibility requirements of section 484(a) of the Higher Education Assistance Act of 1965 (20 U. SEC. The Secretary of Education shall assist employing offices in the legislative branch in carrying out this Act. The term employing office in the legislative branch means any of the following: (1) The personal office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). (3) Any other office headed by a person with the final authority to appoint, hire, discharge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. There are authorized to be appropriated to each employing office such sums as may be necessary for making graduate study payments under this Act in fiscal year 2003 and each succeeding fiscal year.