SECTION 1. 2. CREDIT FOR ADOPTION EXPENSES. Subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to nonrefundable personal credits) is amended by inserting after section 22 the following new section: SEC. (b) Limitations. The amount allowable as a credit under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount so allowable (determined without regard to this paragraph but with regard to paragraph (1)) as (A) the amount (if any) by which the taxpayer's adjusted gross income (determined without regard to sections 911, 931, and 933) exceeds $65,000, bears to (B) $30,000. No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) for any expense to the extent that funds for such expense are received under any Federal, State, or local program. The term `child with special needs' means any eligible child if (A) a State has determined that the child cannot or should not be returned to the home of his parents, and (B) such State has determined that there exists with respect to the child a specific factor or condition (such as his ethnic background, age, or membership in a minority or sibling group, or the presence of factors such as medical conditions or physical, mental, or emotional handicaps) because of which it is reasonable to conclude that such child cannot be placed with adoptive parents without providing adoption assistance. (e) Married Couples Must File Joint Returns. SEC. Paragraph (2) of section 72(t) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to exceptions to 10percent additional tax on early distributions from qualified retirement plans) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) Distributions from certain plans for adoption expenses. (c) Effective Date. Gross income of an employee does not include amounts paid or expenses incurred by the employer for qualified adoption expenses in connection with the adoption of a child by an employee if such amounts are furnished pursuant to an adoption assistance program. The aggregate amount excludable from gross income under subsection (a) for all taxable years with respect to the adoption of any single child by the taxpayer shall not exceed $5,000 ($7,500, in the case of a child with special needs (as defined in section 23(d)(4))). An adoption reimbursement program operated under section 1052 of title 10, United States Code (relating to armed forces) or section 514 of title 14, United States Code (relating to members of the Coast Guard) shall be treated as an adoption assistance program for purposes of this section. (b) Conforming Amendment. The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the item relating to section 137 and inserting the following: Sec. (c) Effective Date.