The Congress finds as follows: (1) People in the United States are deeply concerned about the confidentiality of their health information. According to a recent survey conducted by the Princeton Survey Research Associates, 1 in 6 people in the United States has done something out of the ordinary to keep personal health information confidential, including withholding information, providing inaccurate information, or, in some cases, avoiding care entirely. ) (commonly referred to as HIPAA), the Clinton Administration issued comprehensive medical privacy regulations which were promulgated in final form in December 2000. (3) Such regulations established a sound foundation of privacy protections by prohibiting the use or disclosure of an individual's health information unless specifically authorized by the regulations or by the individual. The regulations also provided individuals with the right to be notified of the privacy practices of health plans, health care providers, and health care clearinghouses regarding disclosure of their health information, the right to access and copy their own health records, and the right to request corrections of their health records, among other provisions. (4) Such regulations took effect in April 2001 and require health care providers, health plans (other than small health plans) and health care clearinghouses to comply not later than April 2003. This change means that patients' medical records can be used and disclosed without their permission for a wide range of purposes including business activities that have nothing to do with the treatment of a patient, such as the sale or merger of a health maintenance organization. Under this change, pharmacies and other providers can use a consumer's medical information without consent to mail the consumer unsolicited drug product recommendations, without having to disclose fees paid by drug companies for sending such communications or provide the consumer an opportunity to decline to receive such communications in the future. (8) The Bush Administration further undermined medical privacy protections by changing the language in the section of the rule governing public health to allow the disclosure of medical information without patient permission to entities regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, such as pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers, for an expanded and broad range of purposes which may include marketing campaigns. SEC. 3. RESTORATION OF PRIVACY PROTECTIONS. (a) Consent for Uses or Disclosures To Carry Out Treatment, Payment, or Health Care Operations. 506 shall be construed and applied so as to permit a health care provider to use or disclose an individual's protected health information without obtaining the prior consent of the individual in the following circumstances: (A) A health care provider may use or disclose an individual's protected health information to fill or dispense a prescription, search for drug interactions related to that prescription, and determine eligibility and obtain authorization for payment regarding that prescription, if the health care provider obtains written consent from the individual as soon as practicable. The modifications made by the August 2002 medical privacy rule to the definition of the term marketing in section 164. The exception for oral communications in paragraph (2)(i) of the definition of the term marketing in section 164. 82462), including the provisions of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, revised or added by such rule. (b) Other Terms Defined. For purposes of this Act: (1) Business associate; covered entity; health care provider. (2) Disclosure; individual, protected health information; treatment; use. This Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and does not require the issuance of regulations.