2. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FINANCING PROGRAM. C. 631 et seq. In this section (1) the term `cost' has the meaning given that term in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U. 1395x(r))); (B) a practitioner described in section 1842(b)(18)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U. 1395u(b)(18)(C)); (C) a physical or occupational therapist; (D) a qualified speechlanguage pathologist (as defined in section 1861(ll)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U. 1395w4(o)(2)(A))) and is purchased by an eligible professional to aid in the provision of health care in a health care setting, including electronic medical records; and (ii) provides for (I) enhancement of continuity of care for patients through electronic storage, transmission, and exchange of relevant personal health data and information, such as ensuring that this information is accessible at the times and places where clinical decisions will be or are likely to be made; (II) enhancement of communication between patients and health care providers; (III) improvement of quality measurement by eligible professionals enabling the eligible professionals to collect, store, measure, and report on the processes and outcomes of individual and population performance and quality of care; (IV) improvement of evidence based decision support; or (V) enhancement of consumer and patient empowerment; and (B) does not include information technology the sole use of which is financial management, maintenance of inventory of basic supplies, or appointment scheduling; (4) the term `qualified eligible professional' means an eligible professional whose office is a small business concern; and (5) the term `qualified medical transcriptionist' means a specialist in medical language and the healthcare documentation process who (A) interprets and transcribes dictation by physicians and other healthcare professionals to ensure accurate, complete, and consistent documentation of healthcare encounters; and (B) is certified by or registered with the Association for Healthcare Documentation Integrity, or a successor association thereto. (1) In general. The Administrator may (A) impose a guarantee fee on a qualified eligible professional for the purpose of reducing the cost of the guarantee to zero in an amount not to exceed 2 percent of the total guaranteed portion of any loan guaranteed under this section; and (B) impose an annual servicing fee on a lender making a loan guaranteed under this section of not more 0. (e) Effective Date. The Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this section after the date that is 7 years after meaningful EHR use requirements have been determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary for the cost of guaranteeing $10,000,000,000 in loans under this section.