SECTION 1. This Act may be cited as the Preventing Unemployment Act of 2010. 1. Sec. Sec. (a) Definition. (1) In general. Section 3306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U. For purposes of this chapter, the term `shorttime compensation program' means a program under which (1) the participation of an employer is voluntary; (2) an employer reduces the number of hours worked by employees in lieu of temporary layoffs; (3) such employees whose workweeks have been reduced by at least 10 percent, and by not more than the percentage, if any, that is determined by the State to be appropriate, are eligible for unemployment compensation; (4) the amount of unemployment compensation payable to any such employee is a pro rata portion of the unemployment compensation which would be payable to the employee if such employee were totally unemployed; (5) such employees are not expected to meet the availability for work or work search test requirements while collecting shorttime compensation benefits, but are required to be available for their normal workweek; (6) eligible employees may participate, as appropriate, in an employersponsored training program to enhance job skills if such program has been approved by the State agency; (7) the State agency shall require an employer to certify that the employer will continue to provide health benefits and retirement benefits under a defined benefit plan (as defined in section 414(j)) and contributions under a defined contribution plan (as defined in section 414(i)) to any employee whose workweek is reduced under the program under the same terms and conditions as though the workweek of such employee had not been reduced; (8) the State agency shall require an employer (or an employer's association which is party to a collective bargaining agreement) to submit a written plan describing the manner in which the requirements of this subsection will be implemented and containing such other information as the Secretary of Labor determines is appropriate; (9) in the case of employees represented by a union, the appropriate official of the union has agreed to the terms of the employer's written plan and implementation is consistent with employer obligations under the National Labor Relations Act; and (10) only such other provisions are included in the State law as the Secretary of Labor determines appropriate for purposes of a shortterm compensation program. Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (A) Subparagraph (E) of section 3304(a)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: (E) amounts may be withdrawn for the payment of shorttime compensation under a shorttime compensation program (as defined under section 3306(v));. 3. Subject to paragraph (3), there shall be paid to a State an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of shorttime compensation paid under a shorttime compensation program (as defined in section 3306(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by section 2(a)) under the provisions of the State law. Such estimates may be made on the basis of such statistical, sampling, or other method as may be agreed upon by the Secretary and the State agency of the State involved. (3) Limitations on payments. (A) General payment limitations. There are appropriated, out of moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary for purposes of carrying out this section. The term Secretary means the Secretary of Labor. TEMPORARY FEDERAL SHORTTIME COMPENSATION. Any agreement under this section shall provide that the State agency of the State will make payments of shorttime compensation under a plan approved by the State. A shorttime compensation plan approved by a State shall not provide payments to an individual if such individual is employed by an employer (i) whose workforce during the 3 months preceding the date of the submission of the employer's shorttime compensation plan has been reduced by temporary layoffs of more than 20 percent; or (ii) on a seasonal, temporary, or intermittent basis. There shall be paid to each State with an agreement under this section an amount equal to (A) onehalf of the amount of shorttime compensation paid to individuals by the State pursuant to such agreement; and (B) any additional administrative expenses incurred by the State by reason of such agreement (as determined by the Secretary). If a State has entered into an agreement under this section and subsequently enacts a State law providing for the payment of shorttime compensation under a shorttime compensation program (as defined in section 3306(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by section 2(a)), the State shall not be eligible for payments under this section for weeks of unemployment beginning after the effective date of such State law. In this section: (1) Secretary. The Secretary shall award startup grants to State agencies (A) in States that enact shorttime compensation programs (as defined in section 3306(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by section 2(a)) on or after May 1, 2010, for the purpose of creating such programs; and (B) that apply for such grants not later than September 30, 2012. In order to assist States in establishing, qualifying, and implementing shorttime compensation programs (as defined in section 3306(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by section 2(a)), the Secretary of Labor shall (1) develop model legislative language which may be used by States in developing and enacting such programs and periodically review and revise such model legislative language; (2) provide technical assistance and guidance in developing, enacting, and implementing such programs; (3) establish reporting requirements for States, including reporting on (A) the number of averted layoffs; (B) the number of participating companies and workers; and (C) such other items as the Secretary of Labor determines are appropriate. There are appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Secretary of Labor, $1,500,000 to carry out this section, to remain available without fiscal year limitation.