SECTION 1. 1798, to authorize the Tohono O'odham Nation to purchase up to 9,880 acres of replacement lands in exchange for granting all right, title and interest to the Gila Bend Indian Reservation to the United States. (2) The intent of the Gila Bend Indian Reservation Lands Replacement Act was to replace primarily agriculture land that the Tohono O'odham Nation was no longer able to use due to flooding by Federal dam projects. (3) In 1988, Congress passed the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, which restricted the ability of Indian tribes to conduct gaming activities on lands acquired after the date of enactment of the Act. The Secretary has issued an opinion stating that he has the authority to take approximately 53. (9) The proposed casino would be located close to existing neighborhoods and a newly built school and raises a number of concerns. Homeowners, churches, schools, and businesses made a significant investment in the area without knowing that a tribal casino would or even could locate within the area. (10) The development has the potential to impact the future of transportation projects, including the Northern Parkway, a critical transportation corridor to the West Valley. (11) The Tohono O'odham Nation currently operates three gaming facilities: 2 in the Tucson metropolitan area and 1 in Why, Arizona. Such lands may be used for other forms of economic development by the Tohono O'odham Nation. 3. Section 6(d) of Public Law 99503 is amended by inserting except that no class II or class III gaming activities, as defined in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U. S. 2703), may be conducted on such land if such land is located north of latitude 33 degrees, 4 minutes north after shall be deemed to be a Federal Indian Reservation for all purposes. The limitation on gaming set forth in the amendment made by section 3 shall have no effect on any interpretation, determination, or decision to be made by any court, administrative agency or department, or other body as to whether any lands located south of latitude 33 degrees, 4 minutes north taken into trust pursuant to this Act qualify as lands taken into trust as part of a settlement of a land claim for purposes of title 25 U. Passed the House of Representatives June 19, 2012.