SECTION 1. As soon as practicable, but by not later than December 31, 2009, the President shall ensure that no person alleged to be an unlawful enemy combatant is detained at Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) Jurisdiction. Each person described in subsection (b) shall receive a status review under this section by no later than the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless a military judge determines that such date should be extended for good cause. (1) In general. Any person who is determined, pursuant to a review under section 3, to be an unlawful enemy combatant shall be (A) transferred to a military or civilian detention facility in the United States, charged with a violation of United States or international law, and tried (i) by courtsmartial under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice); or (ii) in a district court of the United States; (B) transferred to an international tribunal operating under the authority of the United Nations with jurisdiction to hold trials of such person; (C) transferred to a NATOrun detention facility, or to a different country, provided that there are adequate assurances that the person will not be subject to torture in that country, consistent with the obligations of the United States under international law; or (D) held in accordance with the law of armed conflict until the earlier of (i) the cessation of the hostilities that are directly related to the person's initial detention; or (ii) such time as the person is determined to no longer be a threat. HABEAS CORPUS FOR DETAINEES AT GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. Section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (e). Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report containing the President's recommendations with respect to any statutory changes necessary to implement a comprehensive Federal policy governing the apprehension, detention, trial, transfer, release, or other disposition of individuals captured or apprehended in connection with armed conflicts and counterterrorism operations. (3) The term lawful enemy combatant means a person who is (A) a member of the regular forces of a State party engaged in hostilities against the United States; (B) a member of a militia, volunteer corps, or organized resistance movement belonging to a State party engaged in such hostilities, which are under responsible command, wear a fixed distinctive sign recognizable at a distance, carry their arms openly, and abide by the law of war; or (C) a member of a regular armed force who professes allegiance to a government engaged in such hostilities, but not recognized by the United States.