SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. For purposes of this section, the term `qualified lowincome housing project' means any project for residential rental property if (i) such project is assisted under a specified HUD program, (ii) 50 percent or more of the residential units in such project (I) in the case of a project described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (C), are occupied by individuals whose income (at the time of their initial occupancy in such project) was less than 80 percent of the area median gross income (as of such time), or (II) in the case of a project described in clause (iii) or (iv) of subparagraph (C), are units with respect to which rental assistance is provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U. S. 1437f), (iii) such project was originally placed in service at least 10 years before the taxpayer acquired an interest in such project, (iv) such project is substantially rehabilitated, (v) the taxpayer acquired such taxpayer's interest in such project by purchase, and (vi) such project was not previously placed in service by the taxpayer or by any person who was a related person (as defined in section 42(d)(2)(D)(iii)) with respect to the taxpayer as of the time previously placed in service. (B) Denial of double benefit. For purposes of subparagraph (A), a project is assisted under a specified HUD program if such project was financed by a loan or mortgage which (i) is insured or held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under section 221(d)(3) of the National Housing Act (12 U. (D) Substantially rehabilitated. For purposes of clause (i), the term `rehabilitation expenditures' means amounts chargeable to capital account and incurred for property (or additions or improvements to property) of a character subject to the allowance for depreciation in connection with the rehabilitation of a building. Such term shall not include the cost of acquiring the building (or any interest therein). For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term `lowincome units' means units with respect to which the requirements of subparagraph (A)(ii) are met. (ii) Next available unit must be rented to lowincome tenant if income rises above 140 percent of income limit. In the case of a project described in section 142(d)(4)(B), the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting `170 percent' for `140 percent' and by substituting `any lowincome unit in the project is occupied by a new resident whose income exceeds 40 percent of area median gross income' for `any residential unit in the project (of a size comparable to, or smaller than, such unit) is occupied by a new resident whose income exceeds such income limitation'. SEC. Subsection (a) shall not apply to that portion of the passive activity loss for any taxable year which is attributable to rental activities with respect to residential rental property which is part of a qualified low income housing project (as defined in section 168(i)(14)). The aggregate amount to which paragraph (1) applies for any taxable year shall not exceed $50,000 ($25,000 in the case of a separate return by a married individual). Paragraph (1) of section 56(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to depreciation deduction) is amended (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively, and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: (C) Special rule for certain lowincome housing projects. SEC. EFFECTIVE DATE.