The purposes of this Act are to provide emergency relief with respect to home mortgage indebtedness through the establishment of a corporation to directly refinance home mortgages to homeowners currently in foreclosure, serious default, or with a reasonable expectation of imminent, sustained default and (1) to extend relief to the owners of homes occupied by them and who are unable to amortize their debt elsewhere, including those homeowners whose outstanding mortgage indebtedness exceeds the value of their home due to recent declines in the housing market; (2) to provide necessary funds for refinancing without reliance on liquidity and credit availability in private markets; (3) to stabilize neighborhoods by reducing foreclosures and the downward impact on house prices created by the threat of widespread foreclosure; (4) to encourage loan originators and servicers to modify the terms of existing nonperforming loans to obligations that borrowers can reasonably repay; (5) to provide mortgage assistance in an efficient manner at minimal to no cost to the taxpayer, with corporate profits returned to the Treasury of the United States; and (6) to minimize the impacts of the current mortgage crisis on the broader economy. SEC. For purposes of this Act, the following definitions shall apply: (1) Corporation. The term Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The term home mortgage means a first mortgage on real estate (A)(i) in fee simple, upon which there is located a dwelling for not more than four families; (ii) on a leasehold under a renewable lease for not less than 99 years, upon which there is located a dwelling for not more than four families; or (iii) that is a single unit in a condominium; and (B) has a value not exceeding the lower of (i) 125 percent of the local area median home price; or (ii) 175 percent of the dollar amount limitation for a singlefamily residence then in effect under section 305(a)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U. S. C. 1454(a)(2)). 4. (b) Members. (2) Four of the members shall be appointed by President from among a list of 10 nominees selected jointly by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate. The Corporation shall have capital stock subscribed to by the Secretary on behalf of the United States Government in such amount as the Secretary may determine to be appropriate, to the extent provided in advance in an appropriation Act for any fiscal year, but not to exceed in the aggregate $200,000,000. Outstanding principal and accrued interest shall be paid to the bond holder in the event that the mortgage issued in exchange for that bond is paid off or title to the underlying property is transfered by sale or foreclosured. In the event that the Corporation is unable to pay upon demand, when due, the interest on any such bonds, the Secretary shall pay to the Corporation the amount of such interest, which is hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Corporation, and the Corporation shall pay the amount of such interest to the holders of the bonds. TREATMENT OF CORPORATION. The Corporation, including its franchise, its capital, reserves, and surplus, and its loans and income, shall be exempt from taxation referred to in section 7(c), except that any real property of the Corporation shall be subject to taxation to the same extent, according to its value, as other real property is taxed. (a) Acquisition of Mortgages. Interest on the unpaid balance of the obligation of the homeowner to the Corporation shall be at a rate not exceeding 7. 5 percent annually. The Corporation may at any time grant an extension of time to any homeowner for the payment of any installment of principal or interest owed by the homeowner to the Corporation if, in the judgment of the Corporation, the circumstances of the homeowner and the condition of the security justify such extension. The Corporation may, during the threeyear period described in subsection (a), exchange bonds and advance cash subject to the limitations provided in subsection (a), to redeem or recover homes lost by the owners by foreclosure or forced sale by a trustee under a deed of trust or under power of attorney, or by voluntary surrender to the mortgagee within two years prior to such exchange or advance. The Corporation is prohibited from discriminating in its lending behavior based on the race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or familial status of the applicant or applicants. (a) Authority To Deny. The Corporation may deny a home mortgage application on the grounds of an applicant's inability to pay or excess indebtedness, as determined by credit score, household income and assets, or other criteria, to be determined by the Board or its designees. The Corporation shall provide applicants who are denied a home mortgage issued by the Corporation information sufficient to identify and contact a housing counseling provider serving the local area in which the applicant resides who has been certified pursuant to section 106(f) of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (12 U. The Corporation may make necessary repairs to Corporationowned property to maintain the value of the property and to prepare it for disposition. The Board shall make rules for the appraisal of the property on which loans are made under this Act, to accomplish the purposes of this Act. (a) Officers and Employees. (b) Use of Mails. (c) Salaries and Expenses. (e) Retirement of Stock. The Corporation may declare and pay such dividends to the United States as may be earned and as in the judgment of the Board it is proper for the Corporation to pay.