(a) Findings. Congress finds that (1) wetland and tidal marshes in the Chesapeake Bay, the State of Louisiana, and other coastal States provide significant cultural, economic, and ecological benefits to the United States; (2) the South American nutria (Myocastor coypus) is directly contributing to substantial marsh loss on Federal, State, and private land in the States of Maryland and Louisiana and other coastal States; (3) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. 621) authorized the Maryland Nutria Project, which has successfully eradicated nutria from more than 130,000 acres of Chesapeake Bay wetland in the State of Maryland; (4) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. (2) Program. There is established a nutria eradication program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriations, provide financial assistance to the States of Maryland and Louisiana and the coastal States to implement measures (1) to eradicate or control nutria; and (2) to restore wetland damaged by nutria. The Secretary shall require that the program carried out in the State of Maryland consist of management, research, and public education activities carried out in accordance with the document published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled Eradication Strategies for Nutria in the Chesapeake and Delaware Bay Watersheds, dated March 2002, and updated March 2009. The Federal share of the total cost of the program may not exceed 75 percent.(a) Findings. Congress finds that (1) wetland and tidal marshes in the Chesapeake Bay, the State of Louisiana, and other coastal States provide significant cultural, economic, and ecological benefits to the United States; (2) the South American nutria (Myocastor coypus) is directly contributing to substantial marsh loss on Federal, State, and private land in the States of Maryland and Louisiana and other coastal States; (3) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. 621) authorized the Maryland Nutria Project, which has successfully eradicated nutria from more than 130,000 acres of Chesapeake Bay wetland in the State of Maryland; (4) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. (2) Program. There is established a nutria eradication program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriations, provide financial assistance to the States of Maryland and Louisiana and the coastal States to implement measures (1) to eradicate or control nutria; and (2) to restore wetland damaged by nutria. The Secretary shall require that the program carried out in the State of Maryland consist of management, research, and public education activities carried out in accordance with the document published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled Eradication Strategies for Nutria in the Chesapeake and Delaware Bay Watersheds, dated March 2002, and updated March 2009. The Federal share of the total cost of the program may not exceed 75 percent.(a) Findings. Congress finds that (1) wetland and tidal marshes in the Chesapeake Bay, the State of Louisiana, and other coastal States provide significant cultural, economic, and ecological benefits to the United States; (2) the South American nutria (Myocastor coypus) is directly contributing to substantial marsh loss on Federal, State, and private land in the States of Maryland and Louisiana and other coastal States; (3) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. 621) authorized the Maryland Nutria Project, which has successfully eradicated nutria from more than 130,000 acres of Chesapeake Bay wetland in the State of Maryland; (4) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. (2) Program. There is established a nutria eradication program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriations, provide financial assistance to the States of Maryland and Louisiana and the coastal States to implement measures (1) to eradicate or control nutria; and (2) to restore wetland damaged by nutria. The Secretary shall require that the program carried out in the State of Maryland consist of management, research, and public education activities carried out in accordance with the document published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled Eradication Strategies for Nutria in the Chesapeake and Delaware Bay Watersheds, dated March 2002, and updated March 2009. The Federal share of the total cost of the program may not exceed 75 percent.(a) Findings. Congress finds that (1) wetland and tidal marshes in the Chesapeake Bay, the State of Louisiana, and other coastal States provide significant cultural, economic, and ecological benefits to the United States; (2) the South American nutria (Myocastor coypus) is directly contributing to substantial marsh loss on Federal, State, and private land in the States of Maryland and Louisiana and other coastal States; (3) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. 621) authorized the Maryland Nutria Project, which has successfully eradicated nutria from more than 130,000 acres of Chesapeake Bay wetland in the State of Maryland; (4) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. (2) Program. There is established a nutria eradication program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriations, provide financial assistance to the States of Maryland and Louisiana and the coastal States to implement measures (1) to eradicate or control nutria; and (2) to restore wetland damaged by nutria. The Secretary shall require that the program carried out in the State of Maryland consist of management, research, and public education activities carried out in accordance with the document published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled Eradication Strategies for Nutria in the Chesapeake and Delaware Bay Watersheds, dated March 2002, and updated March 2009. The Federal share of the total cost of the program may not exceed 75 percent.(a) Findings. Congress finds that (1) wetland and tidal marshes in the Chesapeake Bay, the State of Louisiana, and other coastal States provide significant cultural, economic, and ecological benefits to the United States; (2) the South American nutria (Myocastor coypus) is directly contributing to substantial marsh loss on Federal, State, and private land in the States of Maryland and Louisiana and other coastal States; (3) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. 621) authorized the Maryland Nutria Project, which has successfully eradicated nutria from more than 130,000 acres of Chesapeake Bay wetland in the State of Maryland; (4) the Nutria Eradication and Control Act of 2003 (Public Law 10816; 117 Stat. (2) Program. There is established a nutria eradication program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriations, provide financial assistance to the States of Maryland and Louisiana and the coastal States to implement measures (1) to eradicate or control nutria; and (2) to restore wetland damaged by nutria. The Secretary shall require that the program carried out in the State of Maryland consist of management, research, and public education activities carried out in accordance with the document published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled Eradication Strategies for Nutria in the Chesapeake and Delaware Bay Watersheds, dated March 2002, and updated March 2009. The Federal share of the total cost of the program may not exceed 75 percent.