The Congress finds as follows: (1) Past investments in biomedical research have resulted in better health, an improved quality of life for all Americans, and a reduction in national health care expenditures. (4) Many Americans still face serious and lifethreatening health problems, both acute and chronic. (7) The extent of psychiatric and neurological diseases poses considerable challenges in understanding the workings of the brain and nervous system. (8) Diabetes, both insulin and noninsulin forms, afflicts 16 million Americans and places them at risk for acute and chronic complications, including blindness, kidney failure, atherosclerosis, and nerve degeneration. (10) To take full advantage of the tremendous potential for finding a cure or effective treatment for many debilitating diseases, the Federal investment in ethical stem cell research must be expanded. The purpose of the Donor Bank shall be to seek and preserve donations of qualifying human stem cells and to make such donated cells available for biomedical research and for therapeutic purposes. For purposes of this Act, the term qualifying human stem cells means human stem cells obtained from human placentas, umbilical cord blood, organs or tissues of a living or deceased human being who has been born, or organs or tissues of unborn human offspring who died of natural causes (such as spontaneous abortion). (c) Administration of Donor Bank. The Secretary shall establish criteria for the Donor Bank and other entities that participate in the program under this section, including (1) quality standards and standards for tissue typing and obtaining the informed consent of donors, or the parents or legal representatives of donors as appropriate; (2) donor selection criteria, based on established medical criteria, to protect both donors and transplant recipients and to prevent the transmission of potentially harmful infectious diseases; (3) procedures to ensure the proper collection and transportation of qualifying human stem cells; and (4) standards that (A) require the establishment of a system of strict confidentiality of records relating to the identity and address of and medical information on patients and donors; and (B) prescribe the purposes for which the records described in subparagraph (A) may be disclosed, and the circumstances and extent of the disclosure. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2006.The Congress finds as follows: (1) Past investments in biomedical research have resulted in better health, an improved quality of life for all Americans, and a reduction in national health care expenditures. (4) Many Americans still face serious and lifethreatening health problems, both acute and chronic. (7) The extent of psychiatric and neurological diseases poses considerable challenges in understanding the workings of the brain and nervous system. (8) Diabetes, both insulin and noninsulin forms, afflicts 16 million Americans and places them at risk for acute and chronic complications, including blindness, kidney failure, atherosclerosis, and nerve degeneration. (10) To take full advantage of the tremendous potential for finding a cure or effective treatment for many debilitating diseases, the Federal investment in ethical stem cell research must be expanded. The purpose of the Donor Bank shall be to seek and preserve donations of qualifying human stem cells and to make such donated cells available for biomedical research and for therapeutic purposes. For purposes of this Act, the term qualifying human stem cells means human stem cells obtained from human placentas, umbilical cord blood, organs or tissues of a living or deceased human being who has been born, or organs or tissues of unborn human offspring who died of natural causes (such as spontaneous abortion). (c) Administration of Donor Bank. The Secretary shall establish criteria for the Donor Bank and other entities that participate in the program under this section, including (1) quality standards and standards for tissue typing and obtaining the informed consent of donors, or the parents or legal representatives of donors as appropriate; (2) donor selection criteria, based on established medical criteria, to protect both donors and transplant recipients and to prevent the transmission of potentially harmful infectious diseases; (3) procedures to ensure the proper collection and transportation of qualifying human stem cells; and (4) standards that (A) require the establishment of a system of strict confidentiality of records relating to the identity and address of and medical information on patients and donors; and (B) prescribe the purposes for which the records described in subparagraph (A) may be disclosed, and the circumstances and extent of the disclosure. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2006.The Congress finds as follows: (1) Past investments in biomedical research have resulted in better health, an improved quality of life for all Americans, and a reduction in national health care expenditures. (4) Many Americans still face serious and lifethreatening health problems, both acute and chronic. (7) The extent of psychiatric and neurological diseases poses considerable challenges in understanding the workings of the brain and nervous system. (8) Diabetes, both insulin and noninsulin forms, afflicts 16 million Americans and places them at risk for acute and chronic complications, including blindness, kidney failure, atherosclerosis, and nerve degeneration. (10) To take full advantage of the tremendous potential for finding a cure or effective treatment for many debilitating diseases, the Federal investment in ethical stem cell research must be expanded. The purpose of the Donor Bank shall be to seek and preserve donations of qualifying human stem cells and to make such donated cells available for biomedical research and for therapeutic purposes. For purposes of this Act, the term qualifying human stem cells means human stem cells obtained from human placentas, umbilical cord blood, organs or tissues of a living or deceased human being who has been born, or organs or tissues of unborn human offspring who died of natural causes (such as spontaneous abortion). (c) Administration of Donor Bank. The Secretary shall establish criteria for the Donor Bank and other entities that participate in the program under this section, including (1) quality standards and standards for tissue typing and obtaining the informed consent of donors, or the parents or legal representatives of donors as appropriate; (2) donor selection criteria, based on established medical criteria, to protect both donors and transplant recipients and to prevent the transmission of potentially harmful infectious diseases; (3) procedures to ensure the proper collection and transportation of qualifying human stem cells; and (4) standards that (A) require the establishment of a system of strict confidentiality of records relating to the identity and address of and medical information on patients and donors; and (B) prescribe the purposes for which the records described in subparagraph (A) may be disclosed, and the circumstances and extent of the disclosure. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2006.The Congress finds as follows: (1) Past investments in biomedical research have resulted in better health, an improved quality of life for all Americans, and a reduction in national health care expenditures. (4) Many Americans still face serious and lifethreatening health problems, both acute and chronic. (7) The extent of psychiatric and neurological diseases poses considerable challenges in understanding the workings of the brain and nervous system. (8) Diabetes, both insulin and noninsulin forms, afflicts 16 million Americans and places them at risk for acute and chronic complications, including blindness, kidney failure, atherosclerosis, and nerve degeneration. (10) To take full advantage of the tremendous potential for finding a cure or effective treatment for many debilitating diseases, the Federal investment in ethical stem cell research must be expanded. The purpose of the Donor Bank shall be to seek and preserve donations of qualifying human stem cells and to make such donated cells available for biomedical research and for therapeutic purposes. For purposes of this Act, the term qualifying human stem cells means human stem cells obtained from human placentas, umbilical cord blood, organs or tissues of a living or deceased human being who has been born, or organs or tissues of unborn human offspring who died of natural causes (such as spontaneous abortion). (c) Administration of Donor Bank. The Secretary shall establish criteria for the Donor Bank and other entities that participate in the program under this section, including (1) quality standards and standards for tissue typing and obtaining the informed consent of donors, or the parents or legal representatives of donors as appropriate; (2) donor selection criteria, based on established medical criteria, to protect both donors and transplant recipients and to prevent the transmission of potentially harmful infectious diseases; (3) procedures to ensure the proper collection and transportation of qualifying human stem cells; and (4) standards that (A) require the establishment of a system of strict confidentiality of records relating to the identity and address of and medical information on patients and donors; and (B) prescribe the purposes for which the records described in subparagraph (A) may be disclosed, and the circumstances and extent of the disclosure. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2006.The Congress finds as follows: (1) Past investments in biomedical research have resulted in better health, an improved quality of life for all Americans, and a reduction in national health care expenditures. (4) Many Americans still face serious and lifethreatening health problems, both acute and chronic. (7) The extent of psychiatric and neurological diseases poses considerable challenges in understanding the workings of the brain and nervous system. (8) Diabetes, both insulin and noninsulin forms, afflicts 16 million Americans and places them at risk for acute and chronic complications, including blindness, kidney failure, atherosclerosis, and nerve degeneration. (10) To take full advantage of the tremendous potential for finding a cure or effective treatment for many debilitating diseases, the Federal investment in ethical stem cell research must be expanded. The purpose of the Donor Bank shall be to seek and preserve donations of qualifying human stem cells and to make such donated cells available for biomedical research and for therapeutic purposes. For purposes of this Act, the term qualifying human stem cells means human stem cells obtained from human placentas, umbilical cord blood, organs or tissues of a living or deceased human being who has been born, or organs or tissues of unborn human offspring who died of natural causes (such as spontaneous abortion). (c) Administration of Donor Bank. The Secretary shall establish criteria for the Donor Bank and other entities that participate in the program under this section, including (1) quality standards and standards for tissue typing and obtaining the informed consent of donors, or the parents or legal representatives of donors as appropriate; (2) donor selection criteria, based on established medical criteria, to protect both donors and transplant recipients and to prevent the transmission of potentially harmful infectious diseases; (3) procedures to ensure the proper collection and transportation of qualifying human stem cells; and (4) standards that (A) require the establishment of a system of strict confidentiality of records relating to the identity and address of and medical information on patients and donors; and (B) prescribe the purposes for which the records described in subparagraph (A) may be disclosed, and the circumstances and extent of the disclosure. For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2006.