SECTION 1. PERMANENT LOAN GUARANTEE FEE WAIVERS FOR VETERANS. S. 636(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (14)(B)(ii), by adding at the end the following: (III) Guarantee fee waiver for veterans. The Administrator may not collect a guarantee fee described in paragraph (18) in connection with a loan of not more than $150,000 made under this paragraph to a veteran or spouse of a veteran on or after October 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subclause. If the President's budget for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the program established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of item (bb) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. (iii) Exception.SECTION 1. PERMANENT LOAN GUARANTEE FEE WAIVERS FOR VETERANS. S. 636(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (14)(B)(ii), by adding at the end the following: (III) Guarantee fee waiver for veterans. The Administrator may not collect a guarantee fee described in paragraph (18) in connection with a loan of not more than $150,000 made under this paragraph to a veteran or spouse of a veteran on or after October 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subclause. If the President's budget for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the program established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of item (bb) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. (iii) Exception.SECTION 1. PERMANENT LOAN GUARANTEE FEE WAIVERS FOR VETERANS. S. 636(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (14)(B)(ii), by adding at the end the following: (III) Guarantee fee waiver for veterans. The Administrator may not collect a guarantee fee described in paragraph (18) in connection with a loan of not more than $150,000 made under this paragraph to a veteran or spouse of a veteran on or after October 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subclause. If the President's budget for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the program established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of item (bb) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. (iii) Exception.SECTION 1. PERMANENT LOAN GUARANTEE FEE WAIVERS FOR VETERANS. S. 636(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (14)(B)(ii), by adding at the end the following: (III) Guarantee fee waiver for veterans. The Administrator may not collect a guarantee fee described in paragraph (18) in connection with a loan of not more than $150,000 made under this paragraph to a veteran or spouse of a veteran on or after October 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subclause. If the President's budget for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the program established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of item (bb) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. (iii) Exception.SECTION 1. PERMANENT LOAN GUARANTEE FEE WAIVERS FOR VETERANS. S. 636(a)) is amended (1) in paragraph (14)(B)(ii), by adding at the end the following: (III) Guarantee fee waiver for veterans. The Administrator may not collect a guarantee fee described in paragraph (18) in connection with a loan of not more than $150,000 made under this paragraph to a veteran or spouse of a veteran on or after October 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subclause. If the President's budget for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the program established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of item (bb) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. (iii) Exception.