SECTION 1. 2. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS LIMITATIONS. The purpose of this section is to allow unlimited direct contributions by citizens and lawful permanent residents of the United States to candidates in Federal elections. C. (B) Section 304(i)(3)(B) of such Act (52 U. S. 30125(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking contributions to candidates and political committees under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting contributions to political committees under paragraphs (1) and (2). Section 304(a)(6)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U. (ii) If, at any time after a candidate is required to submit a notification under this subparagraph with respect to a contributor during a calendar year, the candidate receives additional contributions from that contributor during that year, the principal campaign committee of the candidate shall submit an additional notification under clause (i) with respect to such contributor.SECTION 1. 2. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS LIMITATIONS. The purpose of this section is to allow unlimited direct contributions by citizens and lawful permanent residents of the United States to candidates in Federal elections. C. (B) Section 304(i)(3)(B) of such Act (52 U. S. 30125(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking contributions to candidates and political committees under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting contributions to political committees under paragraphs (1) and (2). Section 304(a)(6)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U. (ii) If, at any time after a candidate is required to submit a notification under this subparagraph with respect to a contributor during a calendar year, the candidate receives additional contributions from that contributor during that year, the principal campaign committee of the candidate shall submit an additional notification under clause (i) with respect to such contributor.SECTION 1. 2. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS LIMITATIONS. The purpose of this section is to allow unlimited direct contributions by citizens and lawful permanent residents of the United States to candidates in Federal elections. C. (B) Section 304(i)(3)(B) of such Act (52 U. S. 30125(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking contributions to candidates and political committees under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting contributions to political committees under paragraphs (1) and (2). Section 304(a)(6)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U. (ii) If, at any time after a candidate is required to submit a notification under this subparagraph with respect to a contributor during a calendar year, the candidate receives additional contributions from that contributor during that year, the principal campaign committee of the candidate shall submit an additional notification under clause (i) with respect to such contributor.SECTION 1. 2. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS LIMITATIONS. The purpose of this section is to allow unlimited direct contributions by citizens and lawful permanent residents of the United States to candidates in Federal elections. C. (B) Section 304(i)(3)(B) of such Act (52 U. S. 30125(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking contributions to candidates and political committees under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting contributions to political committees under paragraphs (1) and (2). Section 304(a)(6)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U. (ii) If, at any time after a candidate is required to submit a notification under this subparagraph with respect to a contributor during a calendar year, the candidate receives additional contributions from that contributor during that year, the principal campaign committee of the candidate shall submit an additional notification under clause (i) with respect to such contributor.SECTION 1. 2. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS LIMITATIONS. The purpose of this section is to allow unlimited direct contributions by citizens and lawful permanent residents of the United States to candidates in Federal elections. C. (B) Section 304(i)(3)(B) of such Act (52 U. S. 30125(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking contributions to candidates and political committees under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting contributions to political committees under paragraphs (1) and (2). Section 304(a)(6)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U. (ii) If, at any time after a candidate is required to submit a notification under this subparagraph with respect to a contributor during a calendar year, the candidate receives additional contributions from that contributor during that year, the principal campaign committee of the candidate shall submit an additional notification under clause (i) with respect to such contributor.