SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) Unsustainable debt in the world's poorest countries constitutes a serious impediment to the development of stable democratic political structures, broadbased economic growth, poverty eradication, and food security. (2) Financing should be appropriate for the purposes for which it is used and should, to the maximum extent possible, generate a return sufficient to pay the principal and interest due. As such, longterm lending for perishable goods, such as food commodities, may be construed as inappropriate to the extent that it places a longterm debt burden on the recipient country without generating sufficient revenues with which to service the debt. (3) Since 1955, the United States has extended more than $27,800,000,000 in loans for food under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (commonly referred to as PL 480), $10,632,858,000 of which remained outstanding at the end of 2002. (5) Since 1992 the United States provided the independent states of the former Soviet Union with $1,601,500,000 in loans for food under title I of PL 480, for which these countries are estimated to have paid $112,748,000 in principal and interest in 2003. (6) Rising debt stocks and debttoexport ratios may undermine a country's credit worthiness and jeopardize its ability to borrow from commercial lenders. (7) Debt reduction contributes marginally to a country's development prospects if new debt is allowed to create the next generation of heavy indebtedness. Replacing loans with targeted grants will eliminate the need for governments to repay longterm investments in people, especially for education, health, nutrition, water supply, and sanitation purposes. (8) The G7 agreement at the June 2002 summit to fully fund the remaining costs of the enhanced Heavily Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) initiative is essential to ensuring that eligible debtdistressed nations receive full benefits under the HIPC debt relief measure. (11) Several poor countries that are not eligible for enhanced HIPC debt reduction terms face a severe debt overhang that undermines increased resource allocation for development and discourages productive investment. C. The term `Global Fund' means the publicprivate partnership known as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria that was established upon the call of the United Nations Secretary General in April 2001. The term `eligible country' means a country (A) which has received debt relief under the Enhanced HIPC Initiative; and (B) in which the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among individuals who have attained 15 years of age but have not attained 49 years of age is not less than 5 percent. The term `AIDS' means the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. 1736e) (except subsection (e) of such section) shall apply with respect to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under this section to the same extent and in the same manner as such section applies to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under section 411 of such Act. SEC. (C) The country is not a lowincome country or lowermiddle income country, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development in its World Development Indicators Report (issued in April 2004 and updated annually). 2370(q)) is amended (1) by inserting after under this Act the second place it appears the following: or under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (7 U. ); and (2) by adding at the end the following: A determination by the President under the preceding sentence that assistance to a country is in the national interest of the United States shall be effective for a period not to exceed one calendar year.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) Unsustainable debt in the world's poorest countries constitutes a serious impediment to the development of stable democratic political structures, broadbased economic growth, poverty eradication, and food security. (2) Financing should be appropriate for the purposes for which it is used and should, to the maximum extent possible, generate a return sufficient to pay the principal and interest due. As such, longterm lending for perishable goods, such as food commodities, may be construed as inappropriate to the extent that it places a longterm debt burden on the recipient country without generating sufficient revenues with which to service the debt. (3) Since 1955, the United States has extended more than $27,800,000,000 in loans for food under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (commonly referred to as PL 480), $10,632,858,000 of which remained outstanding at the end of 2002. (5) Since 1992 the United States provided the independent states of the former Soviet Union with $1,601,500,000 in loans for food under title I of PL 480, for which these countries are estimated to have paid $112,748,000 in principal and interest in 2003. (6) Rising debt stocks and debttoexport ratios may undermine a country's credit worthiness and jeopardize its ability to borrow from commercial lenders. (7) Debt reduction contributes marginally to a country's development prospects if new debt is allowed to create the next generation of heavy indebtedness. Replacing loans with targeted grants will eliminate the need for governments to repay longterm investments in people, especially for education, health, nutrition, water supply, and sanitation purposes. (8) The G7 agreement at the June 2002 summit to fully fund the remaining costs of the enhanced Heavily Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) initiative is essential to ensuring that eligible debtdistressed nations receive full benefits under the HIPC debt relief measure. (11) Several poor countries that are not eligible for enhanced HIPC debt reduction terms face a severe debt overhang that undermines increased resource allocation for development and discourages productive investment. C. The term `Global Fund' means the publicprivate partnership known as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria that was established upon the call of the United Nations Secretary General in April 2001. The term `eligible country' means a country (A) which has received debt relief under the Enhanced HIPC Initiative; and (B) in which the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among individuals who have attained 15 years of age but have not attained 49 years of age is not less than 5 percent. The term `AIDS' means the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. 1736e) (except subsection (e) of such section) shall apply with respect to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under this section to the same extent and in the same manner as such section applies to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under section 411 of such Act. SEC. (C) The country is not a lowincome country or lowermiddle income country, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development in its World Development Indicators Report (issued in April 2004 and updated annually). 2370(q)) is amended (1) by inserting after under this Act the second place it appears the following: or under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (7 U. ); and (2) by adding at the end the following: A determination by the President under the preceding sentence that assistance to a country is in the national interest of the United States shall be effective for a period not to exceed one calendar year.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) Unsustainable debt in the world's poorest countries constitutes a serious impediment to the development of stable democratic political structures, broadbased economic growth, poverty eradication, and food security. (2) Financing should be appropriate for the purposes for which it is used and should, to the maximum extent possible, generate a return sufficient to pay the principal and interest due. As such, longterm lending for perishable goods, such as food commodities, may be construed as inappropriate to the extent that it places a longterm debt burden on the recipient country without generating sufficient revenues with which to service the debt. (3) Since 1955, the United States has extended more than $27,800,000,000 in loans for food under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (commonly referred to as PL 480), $10,632,858,000 of which remained outstanding at the end of 2002. (5) Since 1992 the United States provided the independent states of the former Soviet Union with $1,601,500,000 in loans for food under title I of PL 480, for which these countries are estimated to have paid $112,748,000 in principal and interest in 2003. (6) Rising debt stocks and debttoexport ratios may undermine a country's credit worthiness and jeopardize its ability to borrow from commercial lenders. (7) Debt reduction contributes marginally to a country's development prospects if new debt is allowed to create the next generation of heavy indebtedness. Replacing loans with targeted grants will eliminate the need for governments to repay longterm investments in people, especially for education, health, nutrition, water supply, and sanitation purposes. (8) The G7 agreement at the June 2002 summit to fully fund the remaining costs of the enhanced Heavily Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) initiative is essential to ensuring that eligible debtdistressed nations receive full benefits under the HIPC debt relief measure. (11) Several poor countries that are not eligible for enhanced HIPC debt reduction terms face a severe debt overhang that undermines increased resource allocation for development and discourages productive investment. C. The term `Global Fund' means the publicprivate partnership known as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria that was established upon the call of the United Nations Secretary General in April 2001. The term `eligible country' means a country (A) which has received debt relief under the Enhanced HIPC Initiative; and (B) in which the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among individuals who have attained 15 years of age but have not attained 49 years of age is not less than 5 percent. The term `AIDS' means the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. 1736e) (except subsection (e) of such section) shall apply with respect to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under this section to the same extent and in the same manner as such section applies to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under section 411 of such Act. SEC. (C) The country is not a lowincome country or lowermiddle income country, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development in its World Development Indicators Report (issued in April 2004 and updated annually). 2370(q)) is amended (1) by inserting after under this Act the second place it appears the following: or under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (7 U. ); and (2) by adding at the end the following: A determination by the President under the preceding sentence that assistance to a country is in the national interest of the United States shall be effective for a period not to exceed one calendar year.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) Unsustainable debt in the world's poorest countries constitutes a serious impediment to the development of stable democratic political structures, broadbased economic growth, poverty eradication, and food security. (2) Financing should be appropriate for the purposes for which it is used and should, to the maximum extent possible, generate a return sufficient to pay the principal and interest due. As such, longterm lending for perishable goods, such as food commodities, may be construed as inappropriate to the extent that it places a longterm debt burden on the recipient country without generating sufficient revenues with which to service the debt. (3) Since 1955, the United States has extended more than $27,800,000,000 in loans for food under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (commonly referred to as PL 480), $10,632,858,000 of which remained outstanding at the end of 2002. (5) Since 1992 the United States provided the independent states of the former Soviet Union with $1,601,500,000 in loans for food under title I of PL 480, for which these countries are estimated to have paid $112,748,000 in principal and interest in 2003. (6) Rising debt stocks and debttoexport ratios may undermine a country's credit worthiness and jeopardize its ability to borrow from commercial lenders. (7) Debt reduction contributes marginally to a country's development prospects if new debt is allowed to create the next generation of heavy indebtedness. Replacing loans with targeted grants will eliminate the need for governments to repay longterm investments in people, especially for education, health, nutrition, water supply, and sanitation purposes. (8) The G7 agreement at the June 2002 summit to fully fund the remaining costs of the enhanced Heavily Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) initiative is essential to ensuring that eligible debtdistressed nations receive full benefits under the HIPC debt relief measure. (11) Several poor countries that are not eligible for enhanced HIPC debt reduction terms face a severe debt overhang that undermines increased resource allocation for development and discourages productive investment. C. The term `Global Fund' means the publicprivate partnership known as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria that was established upon the call of the United Nations Secretary General in April 2001. The term `eligible country' means a country (A) which has received debt relief under the Enhanced HIPC Initiative; and (B) in which the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among individuals who have attained 15 years of age but have not attained 49 years of age is not less than 5 percent. The term `AIDS' means the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. 1736e) (except subsection (e) of such section) shall apply with respect to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under this section to the same extent and in the same manner as such section applies to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under section 411 of such Act. SEC. (C) The country is not a lowincome country or lowermiddle income country, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development in its World Development Indicators Report (issued in April 2004 and updated annually). 2370(q)) is amended (1) by inserting after under this Act the second place it appears the following: or under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (7 U. ); and (2) by adding at the end the following: A determination by the President under the preceding sentence that assistance to a country is in the national interest of the United States shall be effective for a period not to exceed one calendar year.SECTION 1. Congress finds the following: (1) Unsustainable debt in the world's poorest countries constitutes a serious impediment to the development of stable democratic political structures, broadbased economic growth, poverty eradication, and food security. (2) Financing should be appropriate for the purposes for which it is used and should, to the maximum extent possible, generate a return sufficient to pay the principal and interest due. As such, longterm lending for perishable goods, such as food commodities, may be construed as inappropriate to the extent that it places a longterm debt burden on the recipient country without generating sufficient revenues with which to service the debt. (3) Since 1955, the United States has extended more than $27,800,000,000 in loans for food under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (commonly referred to as PL 480), $10,632,858,000 of which remained outstanding at the end of 2002. (5) Since 1992 the United States provided the independent states of the former Soviet Union with $1,601,500,000 in loans for food under title I of PL 480, for which these countries are estimated to have paid $112,748,000 in principal and interest in 2003. (6) Rising debt stocks and debttoexport ratios may undermine a country's credit worthiness and jeopardize its ability to borrow from commercial lenders. (7) Debt reduction contributes marginally to a country's development prospects if new debt is allowed to create the next generation of heavy indebtedness. Replacing loans with targeted grants will eliminate the need for governments to repay longterm investments in people, especially for education, health, nutrition, water supply, and sanitation purposes. (8) The G7 agreement at the June 2002 summit to fully fund the remaining costs of the enhanced Heavily Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) initiative is essential to ensuring that eligible debtdistressed nations receive full benefits under the HIPC debt relief measure. (11) Several poor countries that are not eligible for enhanced HIPC debt reduction terms face a severe debt overhang that undermines increased resource allocation for development and discourages productive investment. C. The term `Global Fund' means the publicprivate partnership known as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria that was established upon the call of the United Nations Secretary General in April 2001. The term `eligible country' means a country (A) which has received debt relief under the Enhanced HIPC Initiative; and (B) in which the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among individuals who have attained 15 years of age but have not attained 49 years of age is not less than 5 percent. The term `AIDS' means the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. 1736e) (except subsection (e) of such section) shall apply with respect to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under this section to the same extent and in the same manner as such section applies to the authority to waive payments of principal and interest under section 411 of such Act. SEC. (C) The country is not a lowincome country or lowermiddle income country, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development in its World Development Indicators Report (issued in April 2004 and updated annually). 2370(q)) is amended (1) by inserting after under this Act the second place it appears the following: or under title I of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954 (7 U. ); and (2) by adding at the end the following: A determination by the President under the preceding sentence that assistance to a country is in the national interest of the United States shall be effective for a period not to exceed one calendar year.