This Act may be cited as the Greater Sage Grouse Protection and Recovery Act of 2016. 2. S. The term Greater Sage Grouse means a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (c) Delay in Making Endangered Species Act of 1973 Finding. The delay imposed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. ). In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, may not exercise authority under section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. 1714) to make, modify, or extend any withdrawal, nor amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State, in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. (2) Retroactive effect. With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.This Act may be cited as the Greater Sage Grouse Protection and Recovery Act of 2016. 2. S. The term Greater Sage Grouse means a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (c) Delay in Making Endangered Species Act of 1973 Finding. The delay imposed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. ). In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, may not exercise authority under section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. 1714) to make, modify, or extend any withdrawal, nor amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State, in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. (2) Retroactive effect. With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.This Act may be cited as the Greater Sage Grouse Protection and Recovery Act of 2016. 2. S. The term Greater Sage Grouse means a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (c) Delay in Making Endangered Species Act of 1973 Finding. The delay imposed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. ). In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, may not exercise authority under section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. 1714) to make, modify, or extend any withdrawal, nor amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State, in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. (2) Retroactive effect. With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.This Act may be cited as the Greater Sage Grouse Protection and Recovery Act of 2016. 2. S. The term Greater Sage Grouse means a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (c) Delay in Making Endangered Species Act of 1973 Finding. The delay imposed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. ). In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, may not exercise authority under section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. 1714) to make, modify, or extend any withdrawal, nor amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State, in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. (2) Retroactive effect. With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.This Act may be cited as the Greater Sage Grouse Protection and Recovery Act of 2016. 2. S. The term Greater Sage Grouse means a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (c) Delay in Making Endangered Species Act of 1973 Finding. The delay imposed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. ). In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, may not exercise authority under section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U. 1714) to make, modify, or extend any withdrawal, nor amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State, in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. (2) Retroactive effect. With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.