it is a multi billion dollar industry and countries like india , thailand , singapore , malaysia , belgium , costa rica , cuba , dubai , hungary , israel , jordan , south africa and many others are being benefited in their economy by this recent phenomenon ( 2 , 3 ). available literature explore various factors related to patients travel such as source of information , perceived risks , benefits of medical tourism and attributes of medical tourism destinations in sufficient amount but almost all of these related accounts are exploratory in nature and do not provide conceptual frameworks for testing. source of information is a vital antecedent of destination image formation and destination choice intention ( 20 ). amount and type of different information sources directly influence in development of cognitive image formation of destination ( 19 ). websites and online forums created by experienced international patients to share their experiences with medical tourism are also considered as decisive source of information for those planning to take medical services abroad ( 35 , 36 ). many researchers found in their studies that patients were highly motivated to travel to a particular destination due to emotional attachment with doctor , hospitals or destination ( 6 , 50 ). social environment.it is a multi billion dollar industry and countries like india , thailand , singapore , malaysia , belgium , costa rica , cuba , dubai , hungary , israel , jordan , south africa and many others are being benefited in their economy by this recent phenomenon ( 2 , 3 ). available literature explore various factors related to patients travel such as source of information , perceived risks , benefits of medical tourism and attributes of medical tourism destinations in sufficient amount but almost all of these related accounts are exploratory in nature and do not provide conceptual frameworks for testing. source of information is a vital antecedent of destination image formation and destination choice intention ( 20 ). amount and type of different information sources directly influence in development of cognitive image formation of destination ( 19 ). websites and online forums created by experienced international patients to share their experiences with medical tourism are also considered as decisive source of information for those planning to take medical services abroad ( 35 , 36 ). many researchers found in their studies that patients were highly motivated to travel to a particular destination due to emotional attachment with doctor , hospitals or destination ( 6 , 50 ). social environment.