this variation may be attributed to differing densities of lymph draining vessels within each of the relevant subsites. eleven egf like ligands have been identified to date that can be categorized into four groups those that bind egfr only ( egf , transforming growth factor alpha ( tgf ) , and amphiregulin ) , those that bind to egfr and her4 ( heparin binding egf , betacellulin and epiregulin ) , those binding directly to either her3 and her4 ( neuregulin 1 and neuregulin 2 ) and her4 binding only ( neuregulin 3 and neuregulin 4 ) ( reviewed in ). gefitinib ( iressa ) is a small molecule tki targeted to the intracellular active site for phosphorylation that has been tested in clinical trials involving hnscc patients , as a single agent or in combination with radiation treatment. met is a disulphide linked / heterodimer derived from the proteolytic cleavage of a 170 kda precursor. interestingly , amplification of the met gene ( > 10 copies per cell ) is present only in 3 of 23 ( 13% ) tumor tissues. moreover , patient survival was significantly reduced in biopsy samples with positive met expression relative to negative met expression , suggesting the association of met with hnscc disease progression. accordingly , strategies to optimize egfr targeted therapy remain an active area of research.this variation may be attributed to differing densities of lymph draining vessels within each of the relevant subsites. eleven egf like ligands have been identified to date that can be categorized into four groups those that bind egfr only ( egf , transforming growth factor alpha ( tgf ) , and amphiregulin ) , those that bind to egfr and her4 ( heparin binding egf , betacellulin and epiregulin ) , those binding directly to either her3 and her4 ( neuregulin 1 and neuregulin 2 ) and her4 binding only ( neuregulin 3 and neuregulin 4 ) ( reviewed in ). gefitinib ( iressa ) is a small molecule tki targeted to the intracellular active site for phosphorylation that has been tested in clinical trials involving hnscc patients , as a single agent or in combination with radiation treatment. met is a disulphide linked / heterodimer derived from the proteolytic cleavage of a 170 kda precursor. interestingly , amplification of the met gene ( > 10 copies per cell ) is present only in 3 of 23 ( 13% ) tumor tissues. moreover , patient survival was significantly reduced in biopsy samples with positive met expression relative to negative met expression , suggesting the association of met with hnscc disease progression. accordingly , strategies to optimize egfr targeted therapy remain an active area of research.