the standard split liver procedure for a child and an adult ( adult / pediatric split liver ttransplantation , a / p slt ) , by splitting segment ii iii for pediatric recipient and segment i iv v vi vii viii for an adult , is an accepted surgical option with good results both for the adult and for pediatric recipient. we describe an uncommon late biliary complication that occurred after slt and was successfully treated by a multidisciplinary approach. a 63year old male with hepatitis c related cirrhosis was referred for liver transplantation to our institution. we supposed that the segmentary bile duct branch of posterior segments vi and vii draining in the left bile duct was unidentified and tied at the time of the in situ split liver procedure during the parenchymal transection. a primary biliary reconstruction by biliary repair or biliodigestive anastomosis was considered at high risk because of the presence of postsurgical adhesions sand due to fibrotic tissue replacing the parenchymal transected area. . other authors have described the efficacy of biliary duct ablation by nbca in patients with persistent postsurgical bile leaks after lobectomy or cholecystectomy.the standard split liver procedure for a child and an adult ( adult / pediatric split liver ttransplantation , a / p slt ) , by splitting segment ii iii for pediatric recipient and segment i iv v vi vii viii for an adult , is an accepted surgical option with good results both for the adult and for pediatric recipient. we describe an uncommon late biliary complication that occurred after slt and was successfully treated by a multidisciplinary approach. a 63year old male with hepatitis c related cirrhosis was referred for liver transplantation to our institution. we supposed that the segmentary bile duct branch of posterior segments vi and vii draining in the left bile duct was unidentified and tied at the time of the in situ split liver procedure during the parenchymal transection. a primary biliary reconstruction by biliary repair or biliodigestive anastomosis was considered at high risk because of the presence of postsurgical adhesions sand due to fibrotic tissue replacing the parenchymal transected area. . other authors have described the efficacy of biliary duct ablation by nbca in patients with persistent postsurgical bile leaks after lobectomy or cholecystectomy.