the kd is comprised of four elements , the changes of any of them can potentially lead to losing its anticonvulsant effect : ( 1 ) increased amount of fat , usually in a ratio of 3 to 4 grams of fat for each gram of protein and carbohydrates , ( 2 ) as low a consumption of glucose as possible , ( 3 ) caloric restriction , and ( 4 ) fluid restriction. the most important result of observing the diet is the increased blood level of free fatty acids ( ffas ). these ketone bodies include hydroxybutyrate , acetoacetate , and acetone ( figure 1 ). acetyl coa increases the level of the neurotransmitters glutamate and aminobutyric acid ( gaba ) and the major excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters in brain , respectively. . they were treated with a kd and their response was remarkable , both clinically and according to positron emission tomography follow up scans. there are increasing numbers of reports that ketosis achieved by starvation or administration of a kd has a consistent neuroprotective effect after various brain injuries in animal models.the kd is comprised of four elements , the changes of any of them can potentially lead to losing its anticonvulsant effect : ( 1 ) increased amount of fat , usually in a ratio of 3 to 4 grams of fat for each gram of protein and carbohydrates , ( 2 ) as low a consumption of glucose as possible , ( 3 ) caloric restriction , and ( 4 ) fluid restriction. the most important result of observing the diet is the increased blood level of free fatty acids ( ffas ). these ketone bodies include hydroxybutyrate , acetoacetate , and acetone ( figure 1 ). acetyl coa increases the level of the neurotransmitters glutamate and aminobutyric acid ( gaba ) and the major excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters in brain , respectively. . they were treated with a kd and their response was remarkable , both clinically and according to positron emission tomography follow up scans. there are increasing numbers of reports that ketosis achieved by starvation or administration of a kd has a consistent neuroprotective effect after various brain injuries in animal models.