the left arm was tucked along the side and the right arm was placed in a semiflexed position extending toward the anesthesia location near the head , supported by foam and blankets ( figure 1 ). the working space was maintained with the self retaining retractor , without co2 insufflation ( figure 4 ). it can also occur with tos , which encompasses three separate disorders involving compression of the subclavian artery , subclavian vein , or brachial plexus in the triangular space bordered by the first rib , clavicle , and scalene muscles [ 9 , 10 ]. the development of robot assisted surgery has revealed new perspectives in peripheral nerve microsurgery. robot assisted surgery could lead to modification of the classic algorithm for the treatment of traumatic brachial plexus lesions [ 6 , 8 ]. robotic surgical systems allow high definition magnified 3d visualization of the operative field , provide significant instrument maneuverability , even within a confined space , and may overcome the shortcomings of conventional approaches [ 2 , 5 ]. two staff surgeons are required to participate in all procedures to ensure the safety of the program [ 5 , 9 ].the left arm was tucked along the side and the right arm was placed in a semiflexed position extending toward the anesthesia location near the head , supported by foam and blankets ( figure 1 ). the working space was maintained with the self retaining retractor , without co2 insufflation ( figure 4 ). it can also occur with tos , which encompasses three separate disorders involving compression of the subclavian artery , subclavian vein , or brachial plexus in the triangular space bordered by the first rib , clavicle , and scalene muscles [ 9 , 10 ]. the development of robot assisted surgery has revealed new perspectives in peripheral nerve microsurgery. robot assisted surgery could lead to modification of the classic algorithm for the treatment of traumatic brachial plexus lesions [ 6 , 8 ]. robotic surgical systems allow high definition magnified 3d visualization of the operative field , provide significant instrument maneuverability , even within a confined space , and may overcome the shortcomings of conventional approaches [ 2 , 5 ]. two staff surgeons are required to participate in all procedures to ensure the safety of the program [ 5 , 9 ].