in addition to the various sources of stress in intensive care units such as the patient s fear of death , financial problems , lack of awareness about the environment and etc. however , in many cases , the patient s family needs and their expectations in the icu will not be fulfilled which will cause dissatisfaction. this clinical trial was performed with respect to the existing gap for a study carried out for investigating the interventions for the satisfaction of the patients in the special care units and their families in iran. after obtaining the informed consents from the hospitalized patients , by using the envelopes , which were prepaid by using a table of random numbers , they were divided into two groups ( intervention and control ). thus , the researcher provided understandable explanations about the disease to the patient s family and answered honestly to the questions about the patient and the disease. 54 ). the mean satisfaction score in the intervention group after the intervention was significantly higher than before the intervention ( p < 0.in addition to the various sources of stress in intensive care units such as the patient s fear of death , financial problems , lack of awareness about the environment and etc. however , in many cases , the patient s family needs and their expectations in the icu will not be fulfilled which will cause dissatisfaction. this clinical trial was performed with respect to the existing gap for a study carried out for investigating the interventions for the satisfaction of the patients in the special care units and their families in iran. after obtaining the informed consents from the hospitalized patients , by using the envelopes , which were prepaid by using a table of random numbers , they were divided into two groups ( intervention and control ). thus , the researcher provided understandable explanations about the disease to the patient s family and answered honestly to the questions about the patient and the disease. 54 ). the mean satisfaction score in the intervention group after the intervention was significantly higher than before the intervention ( p < 0.