hence , heart surgery is an important event in the lives of patients causing collapse of economic , professional and personal life. , the nurse will be able to respond communication needs of patients through establishing a good therapeutic communication with the patient [ 16 , 19 , 23 ]. due to the lack of access to error rate to calculate the sample size , 10 patients were selected as pilot ( with a depression and anxiety score of 10 or more based on the hospital anxiety and depression scale ). the exclusion criteria included : lack of cooperation of patients and families during the intervention , failure to perform coronary artery bypass surgery for various reasons , mortality during the study , failure to attend therapeutic communication sessions ( at least the absence in two sessions ). the depression and anxiety of patients in both groups were assessed using the hospital anxiety and depression scale ( hads ) at baseline and then two and four months after surgery. adjusted mean anxiety scores suggest that anxiety in the intervention group was lower than the control group. 000 ).hence , heart surgery is an important event in the lives of patients causing collapse of economic , professional and personal life. , the nurse will be able to respond communication needs of patients through establishing a good therapeutic communication with the patient [ 16 , 19 , 23 ]. due to the lack of access to error rate to calculate the sample size , 10 patients were selected as pilot ( with a depression and anxiety score of 10 or more based on the hospital anxiety and depression scale ). the exclusion criteria included : lack of cooperation of patients and families during the intervention , failure to perform coronary artery bypass surgery for various reasons , mortality during the study , failure to attend therapeutic communication sessions ( at least the absence in two sessions ). the depression and anxiety of patients in both groups were assessed using the hospital anxiety and depression scale ( hads ) at baseline and then two and four months after surgery. adjusted mean anxiety scores suggest that anxiety in the intervention group was lower than the control group. 000 ).