SECTION 1. 2. CREDITS FOR CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS BENEFITING SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS EDUCATION AT THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOL LEVEL. The term `STEM property contributions' means the amount which would (but for subsection (f)) be allowed as a deduction under section 170 for a charitable contribution of STEM inventory property if (A) the donee is an elementary or secondary school described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii), (B) substantially all of the use of the property by the donee is within the United States or within the defense dependents' education system for educational purposes in any of the grades K12 that are related to the purpose or function of the donee, (C) the original use of the property begins with the donee, (D) the property will fit productively into the donee's education plan, (E) the property is not transferred by the donee in exchange for money, other property, or services, except for shipping, installation and transfer costs, and (F) the donee's use and disposition of the property will be in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (E). (5) STEM services. For purposes of this section (1) In general. The term `STEM externship program' means any program (A) established by a taxpayer engaged in a trade or business within an area of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics, and (B) under which eligible STEM teachers receive training to enhance their teaching skills in the areas of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics or otherwise improve their knowledge in such areas. The term `STEM teacher training expenses' means any amount paid or incurred by a taxpayer engaged in a trade or business within an area of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics which is attributable to the participation of any eligible STEM teacher in a regular training program provided to employees of the taxpayer which is determined by such teacher's school as enhancing such teacher's teaching skills in the areas of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. (b) Conforming Amendments.SECTION 1. 2. CREDITS FOR CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS BENEFITING SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS EDUCATION AT THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOL LEVEL. The term `STEM property contributions' means the amount which would (but for subsection (f)) be allowed as a deduction under section 170 for a charitable contribution of STEM inventory property if (A) the donee is an elementary or secondary school described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii), (B) substantially all of the use of the property by the donee is within the United States or within the defense dependents' education system for educational purposes in any of the grades K12 that are related to the purpose or function of the donee, (C) the original use of the property begins with the donee, (D) the property will fit productively into the donee's education plan, (E) the property is not transferred by the donee in exchange for money, other property, or services, except for shipping, installation and transfer costs, and (F) the donee's use and disposition of the property will be in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (E). (5) STEM services. For purposes of this section (1) In general. The term `STEM externship program' means any program (A) established by a taxpayer engaged in a trade or business within an area of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics, and (B) under which eligible STEM teachers receive training to enhance their teaching skills in the areas of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics or otherwise improve their knowledge in such areas. The term `STEM teacher training expenses' means any amount paid or incurred by a taxpayer engaged in a trade or business within an area of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics which is attributable to the participation of any eligible STEM teacher in a regular training program provided to employees of the taxpayer which is determined by such teacher's school as enhancing such teacher's teaching skills in the areas of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. (b) Conforming Amendments.