SHORT TITLE. 45S. For purposes of section 38, in the case of any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this section and beginning before January 1, 2013, the retained worker credit determined under this section for the taxable year is the aggregate of the lesser of (1) $4,000 ($6,000 in the case of a longterm unemployed individual), or (2) 6. (1) Increase in employment. (A) Businesslocation specific. All determinations under this section regarding the number of employees shall be determined on a location basis. (B) Treatment of employees of postsecondary educational institutions. (4) Longterm unemployed individual. (b) Credit Allowed as Business Credit. (c) Limitation on Carryforward. Section 39(a) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: (5) 3year carryforward for retained worker credit. In the case of the retained worker credit, paragraph (2) shall be applied (A) by substituting `3 taxable years' for `21 taxable years' in subparagraph (A) thereof, and (B) by substituting `2 taxable years' for `20 taxable years' in subparagraph (B) thereof.SHORT TITLE. 45S. For purposes of section 38, in the case of any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this section and beginning before January 1, 2013, the retained worker credit determined under this section for the taxable year is the aggregate of the lesser of (1) $4,000 ($6,000 in the case of a longterm unemployed individual), or (2) 6. (1) Increase in employment. (A) Businesslocation specific. All determinations under this section regarding the number of employees shall be determined on a location basis. (B) Treatment of employees of postsecondary educational institutions. (4) Longterm unemployed individual. (b) Credit Allowed as Business Credit. (c) Limitation on Carryforward. Section 39(a) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: (5) 3year carryforward for retained worker credit. In the case of the retained worker credit, paragraph (2) shall be applied (A) by substituting `3 taxable years' for `21 taxable years' in subparagraph (A) thereof, and (B) by substituting `2 taxable years' for `20 taxable years' in subparagraph (B) thereof.