(a) In General. (b) Review by Director of National Intelligence. (c) Submission of Description of NonReleased Documents. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report containing (A) a description of each captured document that, before such date, the Director determined should not be made publicly available; and (B) an explanation as to why the Director does not consider it appropriate to make such captured document publicly available. (3) Request for document. Not later than the date described in subparagraph (B), for each captured document captured or collected before the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall make such captured document publicly available pursuant to subsection (a) or shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report regarding such captured document pursuant to subsection (c). (B) Dates. (3) Documents collected after date of enactment. For each captured document that is captured or collected on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, not later than 60 days after the date on which such captured document is captured or collected, the Director of National Intelligence shall make such captured document publicly available pursuant to subsection (a) or shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report regarding such captured document pursuant to subsection (c). (e) Weekly Report.(a) In General. (b) Review by Director of National Intelligence. (c) Submission of Description of NonReleased Documents. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report containing (A) a description of each captured document that, before such date, the Director determined should not be made publicly available; and (B) an explanation as to why the Director does not consider it appropriate to make such captured document publicly available. (3) Request for document. Not later than the date described in subparagraph (B), for each captured document captured or collected before the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall make such captured document publicly available pursuant to subsection (a) or shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report regarding such captured document pursuant to subsection (c). (B) Dates. (3) Documents collected after date of enactment. For each captured document that is captured or collected on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, not later than 60 days after the date on which such captured document is captured or collected, the Director of National Intelligence shall make such captured document publicly available pursuant to subsection (a) or shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report regarding such captured document pursuant to subsection (c). (e) Weekly Report.